participant verb noun landmark input hilo
participant20 stray thought roam 7 low
participant20 stray discussion digress 6 high
participant20 stray eye roam 7 high
participant20 stray child digress 1 low
participant20 throb body pulse 5 high
participant20 throb head shudder 2 low
participant20 throb voice shudder 3 low
participant20 throb vein pulse 6 high
participant20 chatter machine click 4 high
participant20 chatter girl gabble 6 high
participant20 chatter child click 4 low
participant20 chatter tooth gabble 3 low
participant20 rebound shot ricochet 7 high
participant20 rebound ball rally 2 low
participant20 rebound share ricochet 6 low
participant20 rebound optimism rally 4 high
participant20 flicker tongue waver 4 low
participant20 flicker screen flick 2 high
participant20 flicker interest waver 4 high
participant20 flicker hope flick 1 low
participant20 subside flood lessen 6 high
participant20 subside fear lessen 5 high
participant20 subside symptom sink 4 low
participant20 subside island sink 2 high
participant20 slump shoulder slouch 6 high
participant20 slump sale slouch 6 low
participant20 slump value decline 7 high
participant20 slump man decline 1 low
participant20 bow butler submit 3 low
participant20 bow company submit 5 high
participant20 bow head stoop 5 high
participant20 bow government stoop 4 low
participant20 erupt fountain burst 1 high
participant20 erupt temper flare 6 high
participant20 erupt storm flare 6 low
participant20 erupt conflict burst 5 low
participant20 recoil heart flinch 6 high
participant20 recoil rifle kick 7 high
participant20 recoil eye flinch 5 high
participant20 recoil hand kick 5 low
participant20 boom noise prosper 3 low
participant20 boom export prosper 7 high
participant20 boom sale thunder 3 low
participant20 boom gun thunder 6 high
participant20 waver opinion fluctuate 6 high
participant20 waver concentration falter 4 low
participant20 waver courage fluctuate 2 low
participant20 waver determination falter 4 high
participant20 flare cigarette erupt 6 low
participant20 flare eye flame 5 high
participant20 flare argument erupt 5 high
participant20 flare row flame 6 low
participant20 reel industry whirl 6 low
participant20 reel mind whirl 6 high
participant20 reel head stagger 5 low
participant20 reel man stagger 5 high
participant20 glow fire burn 5 high
participant20 glow face beam 7 high
participant20 glow cigar beam 5 low
participant20 glow skin burn 1 low
participant21 stray thought roam 5 low
participant21 stray discussion digress 7 high
participant21 stray eye roam 6 high
participant21 stray child digress 7 low
participant21 throb body pulse 4 high
participant21 throb head shudder 1 low
participant21 throb voice shudder 2 low
participant21 throb vein pulse 6 high
participant21 flare cigarette erupt 3 low
participant21 flare eye flame 4 high
participant21 flare argument erupt 6 high
participant21 flare row flame 5 low
participant21 rebound shot ricochet 5 high
participant21 rebound ball rally 3 low
participant21 rebound share ricochet 6 low
participant21 rebound optimism rally 2 high
participant21 flicker tongue waver 2 low
participant21 flicker screen flick 1 high
participant21 flicker interest waver 7 high
participant21 flicker hope flick 1 low
participant21 subside flood lessen 6 high
participant21 subside fear lessen 6 high
participant21 subside symptom sink 4 low
participant21 subside island sink 7 high
participant21 slump shoulder slouch 7 high
participant21 slump sale slouch 6 low
participant21 slump value decline 7 high
participant21 slump man decline 1 low
participant21 bow butler submit 2 low
participant21 bow head stoop 4 high
participant21 bow company submit 6 high
participant21 bow government stoop 1 low
participant21 erupt storm flare 6 low
participant21 erupt fountain burst 6 high
participant21 erupt temper flare 7 high
participant21 erupt conflict burst 6 low
participant21 recoil heart flinch 5 high
participant21 recoil hand kick 1 low
participant21 recoil eye flinch 2 high
participant21 recoil rifle kick 7 high
participant21 boom noise prosper 1 low
participant21 boom export prosper 6 high
participant21 boom gun thunder 6 high
participant21 boom sale thunder 5 low
participant21 waver opinion fluctuate 7 high
participant21 waver concentration falter 7 low
participant21 waver courage fluctuate 7 low
participant21 waver determination falter 7 high
participant21 chatter machine click 3 high
participant21 chatter girl gabble 2 high
participant21 chatter tooth gabble 1 low
participant21 chatter child click 1 low
participant21 reel industry whirl 3 low
participant21 reel mind whirl 2 high
participant21 reel head stagger 1 low
participant21 reel man stagger 2 high
participant21 glow fire burn 5 high
participant21 glow face beam 7 high
participant21 glow cigar beam 2 low
participant21 glow skin burn 2 low
participant22 stray thought roam 5 low
participant22 stray discussion digress 4 high
participant22 stray eye roam 3 high
participant22 stray child digress 2 low
participant22 throb body pulse 5 high
participant22 throb head shudder 2 low
participant22 throb voice shudder 5 low
participant22 throb vein pulse 6 high
participant22 flare cigarette erupt 1 low
participant22 flare eye flame 6 high
participant22 flare argument erupt 6 high
participant22 flare row flame 3 low
participant22 rebound shot ricochet 6 high
participant22 rebound ball rally 2 low
participant22 rebound share ricochet 2 low
participant22 rebound optimism rally 6 high
participant22 flicker screen flick 6 high
participant22 flicker hope flick 4 low
participant22 flicker tongue waver 3 low
participant22 flicker interest waver 3 high
participant22 slump shoulder slouch 5 high
participant22 slump sale slouch 6 low
participant22 slump value decline 5 high
participant22 slump man decline 1 low
participant22 bow butler submit 2 low
participant22 bow company submit 6 high
participant22 bow head stoop 7 high
participant22 bow government stoop 6 low
participant22 erupt fountain burst 2 high
participant22 erupt conflict burst 3 low
participant22 erupt storm flare 4 low
participant22 erupt temper flare 7 high
participant22 recoil heart flinch 4 high
participant22 recoil rifle kick 6 high
participant22 recoil eye flinch 5 high
participant22 recoil hand kick 2 low
participant22 boom noise prosper 1 low
participant22 boom export prosper 6 high
participant22 boom gun thunder 7 high
participant22 boom sale thunder 2 low
participant22 waver opinion fluctuate 4 high
participant22 waver concentration falter 6 low
participant22 waver courage fluctuate 2 low
participant22 waver determination falter 5 high
participant22 subside island sink 3 high
participant22 subside fear lessen 5 high
participant22 subside symptom sink 1 low
participant22 subside flood lessen 4 high
participant22 chatter machine click 5 high
participant22 chatter girl gabble 7 high
participant22 chatter tooth gabble 2 low
participant22 chatter child click 2 low
participant22 reel industry whirl 2 low
participant22 reel mind whirl 6 high
participant22 reel head stagger 3 low
participant22 reel man stagger 5 high
participant22 glow fire burn 4 high
participant22 glow skin burn 3 low
participant22 glow cigar beam 2 low
participant22 glow face beam 6 high
participant23 stray thought roam 4 low
participant23 stray discussion digress 4 high
participant23 stray eye roam 5 high
participant23 stray child digress 2 low
participant23 throb body pulse 6 high
participant23 throb head shudder 2 low
participant23 throb voice shudder 2 low
participant23 throb vein pulse 5 high
participant23 subside flood lessen 7 high
participant23 subside fear lessen 5 high
participant23 subside symptom sink 3 low
participant23 subside island sink 2 high
participant23 rebound shot ricochet 2 high
participant23 rebound ball rally 1 low
participant23 rebound share ricochet 5 low
participant23 rebound optimism rally 3 high
participant23 flicker screen flick 4 high
participant23 flicker tongue waver 5 low
participant23 flicker hope flick 3 low
participant23 flicker interest waver 2 high
participant23 slump shoulder slouch 5 high
participant23 slump sale slouch 4 low
participant23 slump value decline 2 high
participant23 slump man decline 1 low
participant23 bow butler submit 3 low
participant23 bow head stoop 5 high
participant23 bow company submit 4 high
participant23 bow government stoop 3 low
participant23 erupt storm flare 6 low
participant23 erupt fountain burst 4 high
participant23 erupt temper flare 6 high
participant23 erupt conflict burst 2 low
participant23 recoil heart flinch 5 high
participant23 recoil rifle kick 3 high
participant23 recoil eye flinch 5 high
participant23 recoil hand kick 1 low
participant23 boom noise prosper 3 low
participant23 boom export prosper 6 high
participant23 boom sale thunder 3 low
participant23 boom gun thunder 5 high
participant23 waver opinion fluctuate 2 high
participant23 waver concentration falter 6 low
participant23 waver courage fluctuate 2 low
participant23 waver determination falter 2 high
participant23 flare cigarette erupt 3 low
participant23 flare eye flame 5 high
participant23 flare argument erupt 5 high
participant23 flare row flame 4 low
participant23 chatter machine click 5 high
participant23 chatter girl gabble 6 high
participant23 chatter tooth gabble 4 low
participant23 chatter child click 2 low
participant23 reel head stagger 2 low
participant23 reel mind whirl 2 high
participant23 reel industry whirl 3 low
participant23 reel man stagger 2 high
participant23 glow fire burn 4 high
participant23 glow face beam 2 high
participant23 glow cigar beam 3 low
participant23 glow skin burn 2 low
participant24 stray thought roam 6 low
participant24 stray discussion digress 6 high
participant24 stray eye roam 6 high
participant24 stray child digress 3 low
participant24 throb body pulse 5 high
participant24 throb head shudder 5 low
participant24 throb voice shudder 2 low
participant24 throb vein pulse 6 high
participant24 subside flood lessen 5 high
participant24 subside fear lessen 6 high
participant24 subside symptom sink 4 low
participant24 subside island sink 1 high
participant24 rebound share ricochet 1 low
participant24 rebound ball rally 1 low
participant24 rebound shot ricochet 5 high
participant24 rebound optimism rally 4 high
participant24 flicker screen flick 4 high
participant24 flicker tongue waver 1 low
participant24 flicker interest waver 4 high
participant24 flicker hope flick 1 low
participant24 slump shoulder slouch 6 high
participant24 slump sale slouch 4 low
participant24 slump value decline 5 high
participant24 slump man decline 3 low
participant24 bow butler submit 4 low
participant24 bow company submit 6 high
participant24 bow head stoop 3 high
participant24 bow government stoop 2 low
participant24 erupt fountain burst 2 high
participant24 erupt conflict burst 2 low
participant24 erupt storm flare 6 low
participant24 erupt temper flare 6 high
participant24 recoil heart flinch 3 high
participant24 recoil rifle kick 5 high
participant24 recoil eye flinch 2 high
participant24 recoil hand kick 1 low
participant24 boom noise prosper 4 low
participant24 boom export prosper 6 high
participant24 boom gun thunder 6 high
participant24 boom sale thunder 1 low
participant24 waver opinion fluctuate 4 high
participant24 waver concentration falter 3 low
participant24 waver courage fluctuate 5 low
participant24 waver determination falter 5 high
participant24 flare cigarette erupt 1 low
participant24 flare eye flame 5 high
participant24 flare argument erupt 6 high
participant24 flare row flame 2 low
participant24 reel industry whirl 1 low
participant24 reel mind whirl 5 high
participant24 reel head stagger 2 low
participant24 reel man stagger 5 high
participant24 chatter machine click 5 high
participant24 chatter girl gabble 5 high
participant24 chatter tooth gabble 1 low
participant24 chatter child click 1 low
participant24 glow fire burn 4 high
participant24 glow face beam 6 high
participant24 glow cigar beam 1 low
participant24 glow skin burn 1 low
participant25 stray thought roam 3 low
participant25 stray discussion digress 3 high
participant25 stray eye roam 6 high
participant25 stray child digress 4 low
participant25 throb body pulse 2 high
participant25 throb head shudder 2 low
participant25 throb voice shudder 5 low
participant25 throb vein pulse 5 high
participant25 chatter machine click 3 high
participant25 chatter girl gabble 5 high
participant25 chatter child click 4 low
participant25 chatter tooth gabble 2 low
participant25 rebound share ricochet 4 low
participant25 rebound ball rally 4 low
participant25 rebound shot ricochet 3 high
participant25 rebound optimism rally 3 high
participant25 flicker tongue waver 1 low
participant25 flicker hope flick 3 low
participant25 flicker screen flick 2 high
participant25 flicker interest waver 6 high
participant25 subside flood lessen 4 high
participant25 subside fear lessen 6 high
participant25 subside symptom sink 2 low
participant25 subside island sink 5 high
participant25 slump shoulder slouch 5 high
participant25 slump sale slouch 6 low
participant25 slump value decline 6 high
participant25 slump man decline 1 low
participant25 bow butler submit 5 low
participant25 bow head stoop 3 high
participant25 bow company submit 5 high
participant25 bow government stoop 3 low
participant25 erupt storm flare 3 low
participant25 erupt fountain burst 1 high
participant25 erupt temper flare 2 high
participant25 erupt conflict burst 2 low
participant25 recoil heart flinch 3 high
participant25 recoil hand kick 2 low
participant25 recoil eye flinch 6 high
participant25 recoil rifle kick 6 high
participant25 boom noise prosper 2 low
participant25 boom export prosper 6 high
participant25 boom gun thunder 6 high
participant25 boom sale thunder 2 low
participant25 waver opinion fluctuate 6 high
participant25 waver concentration falter 4 low
participant25 waver courage fluctuate 3 low
participant25 waver determination falter 3 high
participant25 flare cigarette erupt 5 low
participant25 flare eye flame 3 high
participant25 flare argument erupt 2 high
participant25 flare row flame 2 low
participant25 reel industry whirl 4 low
participant25 reel mind whirl 6 high
participant25 reel head stagger 2 low
participant25 reel man stagger 1 high
participant25 glow fire burn 2 high
participant25 glow skin burn 2 low
participant25 glow cigar beam 3 low
participant25 glow face beam 4 high
participant26 stray thought roam 7 low
participant26 stray discussion digress 4 high
participant26 stray eye roam 7 high
participant26 stray child digress 3 low
participant26 throb body pulse 4 high
participant26 throb head shudder 2 low
participant26 throb voice shudder 2 low
participant26 throb vein pulse 6 high
participant26 subside flood lessen 4 high
participant26 subside fear lessen 5 high
participant26 subside symptom sink 1 low
participant26 subside island sink 1 high
participant26 rebound share ricochet 3 low
participant26 rebound ball rally 1 low
participant26 rebound shot ricochet 6 high
participant26 rebound optimism rally 6 high
participant26 flicker tongue waver 1 low
participant26 flicker screen flick 4 high
participant26 flicker interest waver 3 high
participant26 flicker hope flick 2 low
participant26 slump shoulder slouch 5 high
participant26 slump sale slouch 4 low
participant26 slump value decline 5 high
participant26 slump man decline 2 low
participant26 bow butler submit 4 low
participant26 bow head stoop 5 high
participant26 bow company submit 5 high
participant26 bow government stoop 5 low
participant26 erupt fountain burst 5 high
participant26 erupt storm flare 4 low
participant26 erupt conflict burst 7 low
participant26 erupt temper flare 5 high
participant26 recoil heart flinch 4 high
participant26 recoil hand kick 1 low
participant26 recoil eye flinch 4 high
participant26 recoil rifle kick 4 high
participant26 boom noise prosper 2 low
participant26 boom export prosper 3 high
participant26 boom gun thunder 5 high
participant26 boom sale thunder 2 low
participant26 waver opinion fluctuate 3 high
participant26 waver concentration falter 4 low
participant26 waver courage fluctuate 3 low
participant26 waver determination falter 4 high
participant26 flare cigarette erupt 3 low
participant26 flare eye flame 5 high
participant26 flare argument erupt 4 high
participant26 flare row flame 3 low
participant26 reel industry whirl 3 low
participant26 reel mind whirl 6 high
participant26 reel head stagger 2 low
participant26 reel man stagger 4 high
participant26 chatter machine click 5 high
participant26 chatter girl gabble 2 high
participant26 chatter child click 4 low
participant26 chatter tooth gabble 3 low
participant26 glow fire burn 4 high
participant26 glow skin burn 1 low
participant26 glow cigar beam 2 low
participant26 glow face beam 5 high
participant27 stray thought roam 5 low
participant27 stray discussion digress 7 high
participant27 stray eye roam 4 high
participant27 stray child digress 2 low
participant27 throb body pulse 6 high
participant27 throb head shudder 3 low
participant27 throb voice shudder 4 low
participant27 throb vein pulse 7 high
participant27 flare cigarette erupt 5 low
participant27 flare eye flame 5 high
participant27 flare argument erupt 4 high
participant27 flare row flame 3 low
participant27 rebound shot ricochet 7 high
participant27 rebound ball rally 2 low
participant27 rebound share ricochet 6 low
participant27 rebound optimism rally 4 high
participant27 flicker tongue waver 3 low
participant27 flicker screen flick 2 high
participant27 flicker interest waver 5 high
participant27 flicker hope flick 2 low
participant27 slump shoulder slouch 7 high
participant27 slump sale slouch 2 low
participant27 slump value decline 7 high
participant27 slump man decline 3 low
participant27 bow butler submit 2 low
participant27 bow head stoop 7 high
participant27 bow company submit 4 high
participant27 bow government stoop 2 low
participant27 erupt fountain burst 6 high
participant27 erupt conflict burst 3 low
participant27 erupt storm flare 4 low
participant27 erupt temper flare 4 high
participant27 recoil heart flinch 5 high
participant27 recoil rifle kick 6 high
participant27 recoil eye flinch 4 high
participant27 recoil hand kick 3 low
participant27 boom noise prosper 2 low
participant27 boom export prosper 7 high
participant27 boom sale thunder 2 low
participant27 boom gun thunder 6 high
participant27 waver opinion fluctuate 5 high
participant27 waver concentration falter 6 low
participant27 waver courage fluctuate 4 low
participant27 waver determination falter 6 high
participant27 subside flood lessen 6 high
participant27 subside fear lessen 7 high
participant27 subside symptom sink 2 low
participant27 subside island sink 6 high
participant27 reel head stagger 3 low
participant27 reel mind whirl 4 high
participant27 reel industry whirl 3 low
participant27 reel man stagger 5 high
participant27 chatter machine click 5 high
participant27 chatter girl gabble 5 high
participant27 chatter tooth gabble 1 low
participant27 chatter child click 1 low
participant27 glow fire burn 5 high
participant27 glow face beam 7 high
participant27 glow cigar beam 2 low
participant27 glow skin burn 3 low
participant28 stray thought roam 6 low
participant28 stray discussion digress 7 high
participant28 stray eye roam 6 high
participant28 stray child digress 1 low
participant28 throb body pulse 7 high
participant28 throb head shudder 2 low
participant28 throb voice shudder 3 low
participant28 throb vein pulse 7 high
participant28 chatter machine click 5 high
participant28 chatter girl gabble 4 high
participant28 chatter tooth gabble 4 low
participant28 chatter child click 2 low
participant28 rebound share ricochet 2 low
participant28 rebound ball rally 1 low
participant28 rebound shot ricochet 6 high
participant28 rebound optimism rally 6 high
participant28 flicker tongue waver 2 low
participant28 flicker hope flick 1 low
participant28 flicker screen flick 4 high
participant28 flicker interest waver 6 high
participant28 subside island sink 6 high
participant28 subside fear lessen 7 high
participant28 subside symptom sink 2 low
participant28 subside flood lessen 7 high
participant28 slump shoulder slouch 5 high
participant28 slump sale slouch 1 low
participant28 slump value decline 6 high
participant28 slump man decline 1 low
participant28 bow butler submit 2 low
participant28 bow company submit 6 high
participant28 bow head stoop 3 high
participant28 bow government stoop 3 low
participant28 erupt storm flare 6 low
participant28 erupt fountain burst 3 high
participant28 erupt temper flare 5 high
participant28 erupt conflict burst 3 low
participant28 recoil heart flinch 7 high
participant28 recoil hand kick 2 low
participant28 recoil eye flinch 7 high
participant28 recoil rifle kick 3 high
participant28 boom noise prosper 1 low
participant28 boom export prosper 7 high
participant28 boom sale thunder 4 low
participant28 boom gun thunder 6 high
participant28 waver opinion fluctuate 7 high
participant28 waver concentration falter 7 low
participant28 waver courage fluctuate 6 low
participant28 waver determination falter 6 high
participant28 flare cigarette erupt 3 low
participant28 flare eye flame 7 high
participant28 flare argument erupt 6 high
participant28 flare row flame 3 low
participant28 reel head stagger 1 low
participant28 reel mind whirl 7 high
participant28 reel industry whirl 1 low
participant28 reel man stagger 6 high
participant28 glow fire burn 2 high
participant28 glow skin burn 1 low
participant28 glow cigar beam 1 low
participant28 glow face beam 3 high
participant29 stray thought roam 5 low
participant29 stray discussion digress 6 high
participant29 stray eye roam 4 high
participant29 stray child digress 2 low
participant29 throb body pulse 4 high
participant29 throb head shudder 4 low
participant29 throb voice shudder 3 low
participant29 throb vein pulse 5 high
participant29 flare cigarette erupt 1 low
participant29 flare eye flame 5 high
participant29 flare argument erupt 5 high
participant29 flare row flame 5 low
participant29 rebound share ricochet 4 low
participant29 rebound ball rally 2 low
participant29 rebound shot ricochet 5 high
participant29 rebound optimism rally 2 high
participant29 flicker tongue waver 5 low
participant29 flicker hope flick 3 low
participant29 flicker screen flick 3 high
participant29 flicker interest waver 3 high
participant29 slump shoulder slouch 5 high
participant29 slump sale slouch 5 low
participant29 slump value decline 6 high
participant29 slump man decline 2 low
participant29 bow butler submit 2 low
participant29 bow company submit 2 high
participant29 bow head stoop 3 high
participant29 bow government stoop 3 low
participant29 erupt storm flare 4 low
participant29 erupt fountain burst 3 high
participant29 erupt temper flare 6 high
participant29 erupt conflict burst 3 low
participant29 recoil heart flinch 5 high
participant29 recoil rifle kick 5 high
participant29 recoil eye flinch 3 high
participant29 recoil hand kick 1 low
participant29 boom noise prosper 2 low
participant29 boom export prosper 6 high
participant29 boom gun thunder 6 high
participant29 boom sale thunder 5 low
participant29 waver opinion fluctuate 6 high
participant29 waver concentration falter 5 low
participant29 waver courage fluctuate 5 low
participant29 waver determination falter 5 high
participant29 subside flood lessen 6 high
participant29 subside fear lessen 5 high
participant29 subside symptom sink 3 low
participant29 subside island sink 5 high
participant29 reel head stagger 3 low
participant29 reel mind whirl 5 high
participant29 reel industry whirl 2 low
participant29 reel man stagger 3 high
participant29 chatter machine click 4 high
participant29 chatter girl gabble 5 high
participant29 chatter child click 1 low
participant29 chatter tooth gabble 3 low
participant29 glow fire burn 3 high
participant29 glow face beam 4 high
participant29 glow cigar beam 4 low
participant29 glow skin burn 1 low
participant36 stray thought digress 6 high
participant36 stray discussion roam 5 low
participant36 stray eye digress 2 low
participant36 stray child roam 5 high
participant36 throb body shudder 4 low
participant36 throb head pulse 6 high
participant36 throb voice pulse 2 high
participant36 throb vein shudder 4 low
participant36 flare cigarette flame 5 high
participant36 flare eye erupt 3 low
participant36 flare argument flame 4 low
participant36 flare row erupt 7 high
participant36 rebound share rally 6 high
participant36 rebound ball ricochet 6 high
participant36 rebound shot rally 4 low
participant36 rebound optimism ricochet 4 low
participant36 flicker screen waver 3 low
participant36 flicker interest flick 2 low
participant36 flicker tongue flick 3 high
participant36 flicker hope waver 5 high
participant36 slump shoulder decline 2 low
participant36 slump sale decline 7 high
participant36 slump value slouch 3 low
participant36 slump man slouch 6 high
participant36 bow butler stoop 4 high
participant36 bow company stoop 2 low
participant36 bow head submit 3 low
participant36 bow government submit 6 high
participant36 erupt storm burst 6 high
participant36 erupt fountain flare 2 low
participant36 erupt temper burst 5 low
participant36 erupt conflict flare 6 high
participant36 recoil heart kick 2 low
participant36 recoil rifle flinch 2 low
participant36 recoil eye kick 2 low
participant36 recoil hand flinch 6 high
participant36 boom noise thunder 6 high
participant36 boom export thunder 2 low
participant36 boom gun prosper 1 low
participant36 boom sale prosper 6 high
participant36 waver opinion falter 6 low
participant36 waver concentration fluctuate 7 high
participant36 waver courage falter 7 high
participant36 waver determination fluctuate 6 low
participant36 subside flood sink 3 low
participant36 subside fear sink 4 low
participant36 subside symptom lessen 7 high
participant36 subside island lessen 5 low
participant36 chatter machine gabble 6 low
participant36 chatter girl click 1 low
participant36 chatter tooth click 1 high
participant36 chatter child gabble 7 high
participant36 reel industry stagger 3 high
participant36 reel mind stagger 4 low
participant36 reel head whirl 5 high
participant36 reel man whirl 6 low
participant36 glow fire beam 2 low
participant36 glow skin beam 3 high
participant36 glow cigar burn 5 high
participant36 glow face burn 5 low
participant46 stray thought digress 7 high
participant46 stray discussion roam 6 low
participant46 stray eye digress 3 low
participant46 stray child roam 5 high
participant46 throb body shudder 4 low
participant46 throb head pulse 6 high
participant46 throb voice pulse 4 high
participant46 throb vein shudder 3 low
participant46 flare cigarette flame 5 high
participant46 flare eye erupt 4 low
participant46 flare argument flame 6 low
participant46 flare row erupt 5 high
participant46 rebound share rally 4 high
participant46 rebound ball ricochet 6 high
participant46 rebound shot rally 5 low
participant46 rebound optimism ricochet 2 low
participant46 flicker tongue flick 6 high
participant46 flicker interest flick 4 low
participant46 flicker screen waver 7 low
participant46 flicker hope waver 5 high
participant46 slump shoulder decline 5 low
participant46 slump sale decline 7 high
participant46 slump value slouch 5 low
participant46 slump man slouch 7 high
participant46 bow butler stoop 4 high
participant46 bow head submit 4 low
participant46 bow company stoop 5 low
participant46 bow government submit 6 high
participant46 erupt storm burst 4 high
participant46 erupt fountain flare 6 low
participant46 erupt temper burst 4 low
participant46 erupt conflict flare 5 high
participant46 recoil heart kick 3 low
participant46 recoil hand flinch 6 high
participant46 recoil eye kick 1 low
participant46 recoil rifle flinch 6 low
participant46 boom noise thunder 6 high
participant46 boom export thunder 4 low
participant46 boom sale prosper 7 high
participant46 boom gun prosper 1 low
participant46 waver opinion falter 6 low
participant46 waver concentration fluctuate 6 high
participant46 waver courage falter 7 high
participant46 waver determination fluctuate 6 low
participant46 subside island lessen 4 low
participant46 subside fear sink 5 low
participant46 subside symptom lessen 7 high
participant46 subside flood sink 2 low
participant46 reel industry stagger 6 high
participant46 reel mind stagger 6 low
participant46 reel head whirl 4 high
participant46 reel man whirl 5 low
participant46 chatter machine gabble 6 low
participant46 chatter girl click 2 low
participant46 chatter tooth click 5 high
participant46 chatter child gabble 6 high
participant46 glow skin beam 6 high
participant46 glow fire beam 3 low
participant46 glow cigar burn 5 high
participant46 glow face burn 7 low
participant47 stray thought digress 5 high
participant47 stray discussion roam 6 low
participant47 stray eye digress 3 low
participant47 stray child roam 6 high
participant47 throb body shudder 3 low
participant47 throb head pulse 5 high
participant47 throb voice pulse 4 high
participant47 throb vein shudder 2 low
participant47 slump shoulder decline 4 low
participant47 slump sale decline 6 high
participant47 slump value slouch 3 low
participant47 slump man slouch 7 high
participant47 rebound shot rally 2 low
participant47 rebound ball ricochet 7 high
participant47 rebound share rally 5 high
participant47 rebound optimism ricochet 3 low
participant47 flicker screen waver 5 low
participant47 flicker hope waver 6 high
participant47 flicker tongue flick 5 high
participant47 flicker interest flick 2 low
participant47 subside flood sink 3 low
participant47 subside fear sink 5 low
participant47 subside symptom lessen 6 high
participant47 subside island lessen 2 low
participant47 bow butler stoop 4 high
participant47 bow company stoop 3 low
participant47 bow head submit 3 low
participant47 bow government submit 3 high
participant47 erupt fountain flare 5 low
participant47 erupt temper burst 5 low
participant47 erupt storm burst 3 high
participant47 erupt conflict flare 6 high
participant47 recoil heart kick 3 low
participant47 recoil rifle flinch 3 low
participant47 recoil eye kick 4 low
participant47 recoil hand flinch 6 high
participant47 boom noise thunder 6 high
participant47 boom export thunder 3 low
participant47 boom gun prosper 4 low
participant47 boom sale prosper 6 high
participant47 waver opinion falter 6 low
participant47 waver concentration fluctuate 6 high
participant47 waver courage falter 6 high
participant47 waver determination fluctuate 7 low
participant47 flare cigarette flame 3 high
participant47 flare eye erupt 3 low
participant47 flare argument flame 3 low
participant47 flare row erupt 5 high
participant47 chatter machine gabble 6 low
participant47 chatter girl click 3 low
participant47 chatter tooth click 3 high
participant47 chatter child gabble 2 high
participant47 reel head whirl 2 high
participant47 reel mind stagger 2 low
participant47 reel industry stagger 4 high
participant47 reel man whirl 2 low
participant47 glow fire beam 2 low
participant47 glow face burn 3 low
participant47 glow cigar burn 4 high
participant47 glow skin beam 5 high
participant44 subside island lessen 3 low
participant44 subside fear sink 7 low
participant44 subside symptom lessen 6 high
participant44 subside flood sink 4 low
participant44 stray thought digress 7 high
participant44 stray discussion roam 4 low
participant44 stray eye digress 5 low
participant44 stray child roam 5 high
participant44 throb body shudder 3 low
participant44 throb head pulse 5 high
participant44 throb voice pulse 4 high
participant44 throb vein shudder 2 low
participant44 chatter machine gabble 3 low
participant44 chatter girl click 4 low
participant44 chatter child gabble 6 high
participant44 chatter tooth click 3 high
participant44 rebound share rally 2 high
participant44 rebound ball ricochet 7 high
participant44 rebound shot rally 1 low
participant44 rebound optimism ricochet 3 low
participant44 flicker screen waver 2 low
participant44 flicker hope waver 5 high
participant44 flicker tongue flick 4 high
participant44 flicker interest flick 1 low
participant44 slump shoulder decline 4 low
participant44 slump sale decline 6 high
participant44 slump value slouch 2 low
participant44 slump man slouch 7 high
participant44 bow butler stoop 3 high
participant44 bow company stoop 5 low
participant44 bow head submit 3 low
participant44 bow government submit 7 high
participant44 erupt fountain flare 4 low
participant44 erupt temper burst 3 low
participant44 erupt storm burst 4 high
participant44 erupt conflict flare 5 high
participant44 recoil heart kick 2 low
participant44 recoil hand flinch 5 high
participant44 recoil eye kick 1 low
participant44 recoil rifle flinch 2 low
participant44 boom noise thunder 7 high
participant44 boom export thunder 5 low
participant44 boom gun prosper 5 low
participant44 boom sale prosper 7 high
participant44 waver opinion falter 6 low
participant44 waver concentration fluctuate 5 high
participant44 waver courage falter 7 high
participant44 waver determination fluctuate 3 low
participant44 flare cigarette flame 5 high
participant44 flare eye erupt 3 low
participant44 flare argument flame 5 low
participant44 flare row erupt 4 high
participant44 reel industry stagger 3 high
participant44 reel mind stagger 4 low
participant44 reel head whirl 4 high
participant44 reel man whirl 3 low
participant44 glow fire beam 3 low
participant44 glow face burn 3 low
participant44 glow cigar burn 6 high
participant44 glow skin beam 6 high
participant45 stray thought digress 7 high
participant45 stray discussion roam 6 low
participant45 stray eye digress 3 low
participant45 stray child roam 3 high
participant45 throb body shudder 2 low
participant45 throb head pulse 6 high
participant45 throb voice pulse 5 high
participant45 throb vein shudder 1 low
participant45 flare cigarette flame 6 high
participant45 flare eye erupt 3 low
participant45 flare argument flame 5 low
participant45 flare row erupt 6 high
participant45 rebound shot rally 2 low
participant45 rebound ball ricochet 7 high
participant45 rebound share rally 6 high
participant45 rebound optimism ricochet 2 low
participant45 flicker screen waver 3 low
participant45 flicker tongue flick 6 high
participant45 flicker interest flick 2 low
participant45 flicker hope waver 4 high
participant45 slump shoulder decline 3 low
participant45 slump sale decline 7 high
participant45 slump value slouch 3 low
participant45 slump man slouch 6 high
participant45 bow butler stoop 5 high
participant45 bow head submit 5 low
participant45 bow company stoop 2 low
participant45 bow government submit 7 high
participant45 erupt fountain flare 3 low
participant45 erupt conflict flare 6 high
participant45 erupt storm burst 2 high
participant45 erupt temper burst 6 low
participant45 recoil heart kick 3 low
participant45 recoil rifle flinch 2 low
participant45 recoil eye kick 2 low
participant45 recoil hand flinch 5 high
participant45 boom noise thunder 7 high
participant45 boom export thunder 2 low
participant45 boom gun prosper 1 low
participant45 boom sale prosper 6 high
participant45 waver opinion falter 6 low
participant45 waver concentration fluctuate 6 high
participant45 waver courage falter 7 high
participant45 waver determination fluctuate 6 low
participant45 subside island lessen 2 low
participant45 subside fear sink 4 low
participant45 subside symptom lessen 6 high
participant45 subside flood sink 5 low
participant45 chatter machine gabble 5 low
participant45 chatter girl click 1 low
participant45 chatter tooth click 3 high
participant45 chatter child gabble 4 high
participant45 reel industry stagger 7 high
participant45 reel mind stagger 6 low
participant45 reel head whirl 7 high
participant45 reel man whirl 5 low
participant45 glow skin beam 6 high
participant45 glow fire beam 5 low
participant45 glow cigar burn 4 high
participant45 glow face burn 4 low
participant42 stray thought digress 5 high
participant42 stray discussion roam 4 low
participant42 stray eye digress 3 low
participant42 stray child roam 5 high
participant42 throb body shudder 3 low
participant42 throb head pulse 6 high
participant42 throb voice pulse 5 high
participant42 throb vein shudder 3 low
participant42 chatter machine gabble 4 low
participant42 chatter girl click 3 low
participant42 chatter tooth click 4 high
participant42 chatter child gabble 6 high
participant42 rebound shot rally 4 low
participant42 rebound ball ricochet 6 high
participant42 rebound share rally 3 high
participant42 rebound optimism ricochet 5 low
participant42 flicker tongue flick 4 high
participant42 flicker interest flick 2 low
participant42 flicker screen waver 6 low
participant42 flicker hope waver 3 high
participant42 slump shoulder decline 3 low
participant42 slump sale decline 4 high
participant42 slump value slouch 4 low
participant42 slump man slouch 6 high
participant42 bow butler stoop 5 high
participant42 bow head submit 2 low
participant42 bow company stoop 5 low
participant42 bow government submit 5 high
participant42 flare cigarette flame 5 high
participant42 flare eye erupt 3 low
participant42 flare argument flame 5 low
participant42 flare row erupt 5 high
participant42 erupt fountain flare 4 low
participant42 erupt temper burst 5 low
participant42 erupt storm burst 3 high
participant42 erupt conflict flare 4 high
participant42 recoil heart kick 2 low
participant42 recoil rifle flinch 2 low
participant42 recoil eye kick 2 low
participant42 recoil hand flinch 6 high
participant42 boom noise thunder 7 high
participant42 boom export thunder 3 low
participant42 boom sale prosper 7 high
participant42 boom gun prosper 3 low
participant42 waver opinion falter 6 low
participant42 waver concentration fluctuate 2 high
participant42 waver courage falter 6 high
participant42 waver determination fluctuate 3 low
participant42 subside island lessen 2 low
participant42 subside fear sink 3 low
participant42 subside symptom lessen 6 high
participant42 subside flood sink 2 low
participant42 reel industry stagger 4 high
participant42 reel mind stagger 4 low
participant42 reel head whirl 5 high
participant42 reel man whirl 4 low
participant42 glow fire beam 4 low
participant42 glow face burn 4 low
participant42 glow cigar burn 6 high
participant42 glow skin beam 7 high
participant43 stray thought digress 5 high
participant43 stray discussion roam 7 low
participant43 stray eye digress 1 low
participant43 stray child roam 7 high
participant43 throb body shudder 2 low
participant43 throb head pulse 7 high
participant43 throb voice pulse 2 high
participant43 throb vein shudder 4 low
participant43 flare cigarette flame 6 high
participant43 flare eye erupt 2 low
participant43 flare argument flame 5 low
participant43 flare row erupt 6 high
participant43 rebound share rally 1 high
participant43 rebound ball ricochet 4 high
participant43 rebound shot rally 1 low
participant43 rebound optimism ricochet 4 low
participant43 flicker tongue flick 1 high
participant43 flicker interest flick 2 low
participant43 flicker screen waver 2 low
participant43 flicker hope waver 4 high
participant43 slump shoulder decline 2 low
participant43 slump sale decline 7 high
participant43 slump value slouch 4 low
participant43 slump man slouch 6 high
participant43 bow butler stoop 4 high
participant43 bow head submit 5 low
participant43 bow company stoop 1 low
participant43 bow government submit 3 high
participant43 erupt fountain flare 5 low
participant43 erupt conflict flare 5 high
participant43 erupt storm burst 3 high
participant43 erupt temper burst 7 low
participant43 recoil heart kick 1 low
participant43 recoil rifle flinch 3 low
participant43 recoil eye kick 2 low
participant43 recoil hand flinch 6 high
participant43 boom noise thunder 6 high
participant43 boom export thunder 5 low
participant43 boom gun prosper 4 low
participant43 boom sale prosper 7 high
participant43 waver opinion falter 6 low
participant43 waver concentration fluctuate 5 high
participant43 waver courage falter 6 high
participant43 waver determination fluctuate 7 low
participant43 subside flood sink 2 low
participant43 subside fear sink 3 low
participant43 subside symptom lessen 7 high
participant43 subside island lessen 1 low
participant43 chatter machine gabble 3 low
participant43 chatter girl click 1 low
participant43 chatter child gabble 6 high
participant43 chatter tooth click 4 high
participant43 reel head whirl 5 high
participant43 reel mind stagger 1 low
participant43 reel industry stagger 3 high
participant43 reel man whirl 4 low
participant43 glow fire beam 1 low
participant43 glow face burn 5 low
participant43 glow cigar burn 6 high
participant43 glow skin beam 7 high
participant40 waver opinion falter 4 low
participant40 waver concentration fluctuate 6 high
participant40 waver courage falter 7 high
participant40 waver determination fluctuate 7 low
participant40 stray thought digress 7 high
participant40 stray discussion roam 5 low
participant40 stray eye digress 6 low
participant40 stray child roam 1 high
participant40 throb body shudder 3 low
participant40 throb head pulse 6 high
participant40 throb voice pulse 6 high
participant40 throb vein shudder 4 low
participant40 flare cigarette flame 6 high
participant40 flare eye erupt 7 low
participant40 flare argument flame 6 low
participant40 flare row erupt 6 high
participant40 rebound share rally 7 high
participant40 rebound ball ricochet 7 high
participant40 rebound shot rally 4 low
participant40 rebound optimism ricochet 1 low
participant40 flicker screen waver 3 low
participant40 flicker tongue flick 4 high
participant40 flicker hope waver 5 high
participant40 flicker interest flick 2 low
participant40 slump shoulder decline 3 low
participant40 slump sale decline 6 high
participant40 slump value slouch 5 low
participant40 slump man slouch 4 high
participant40 bow butler stoop 3 high
participant40 bow head submit 5 low
participant40 bow company stoop 4 low
participant40 bow government submit 2 high
participant40 erupt fountain flare 5 low
participant40 erupt temper burst 7 low
participant40 erupt storm burst 7 high
participant40 erupt conflict flare 6 high
participant40 recoil heart kick 4 low
participant40 recoil hand flinch 3 high
participant40 recoil eye kick 5 low
participant40 recoil rifle flinch 4 low
participant40 boom noise thunder 6 high
participant40 boom export thunder 3 low
participant40 boom gun prosper 3 low
participant40 boom sale prosper 6 high
participant40 reel head whirl 5 high
participant40 reel mind stagger 5 low
participant40 reel industry stagger 6 high
participant40 reel man whirl 4 low
participant40 subside flood sink 6 low
participant40 subside fear sink 6 low
participant40 subside symptom lessen 7 high
participant40 subside island lessen 2 low
participant40 chatter machine gabble 5 low
participant40 chatter girl click 5 low
participant40 chatter tooth click 5 high
participant40 chatter child gabble 5 high
participant40 glow fire beam 5 low
participant40 glow face burn 2 low
participant40 glow cigar burn 4 high
participant40 glow skin beam 5 high
participant41 subside island lessen 5 low
participant41 subside fear sink 3 low
participant41 subside symptom lessen 6 high
participant41 subside flood sink 5 low
participant41 stray thought digress 7 high
participant41 stray discussion roam 5 low
participant41 stray eye digress 3 low
participant41 stray child roam 5 high
participant41 throb body shudder 3 low
participant41 throb head pulse 5 high
participant41 throb voice pulse 6 high
participant41 throb vein shudder 1 low
participant41 chatter machine gabble 1 low
participant41 chatter girl click 1 low
participant41 chatter tooth click 5 high
participant41 chatter child gabble 6 high
participant41 rebound shot rally 2 low
participant41 rebound ball ricochet 6 high
participant41 rebound share rally 6 high
participant41 rebound optimism ricochet 2 low
participant41 flicker screen waver 3 low
participant41 flicker tongue flick 6 high
participant41 flicker interest flick 2 low
participant41 flicker hope waver 4 high
participant41 slump shoulder decline 2 low
participant41 slump sale decline 6 high
participant41 slump value slouch 4 low
participant41 slump man slouch 5 high
participant41 bow butler stoop 3 high
participant41 bow company stoop 3 low
participant41 bow head submit 1 low
participant41 bow government submit 5 high
participant41 erupt storm burst 5 high
participant41 erupt fountain flare 1 low
participant41 erupt temper burst 5 low
participant41 erupt conflict flare 5 high
participant41 recoil heart kick 4 low
participant41 recoil hand flinch 6 high
participant41 recoil eye kick 1 low
participant41 recoil rifle flinch 2 low
participant41 boom noise thunder 6 high
participant41 boom export thunder 2 low
participant41 boom gun prosper 1 low
participant41 boom sale prosper 7 high
participant41 waver opinion falter 5 low
participant41 waver concentration fluctuate 7 high
participant41 waver courage falter 6 high
participant41 waver determination fluctuate 6 low
participant41 flare cigarette flame 6 high
participant41 flare eye erupt 6 low
participant41 flare argument flame 3 low
participant41 flare row erupt 5 high
participant41 reel industry stagger 6 high
participant41 reel mind stagger 2 low
participant41 reel head whirl 4 high
participant41 reel man whirl 2 low
participant41 glow fire beam 5 low
participant41 glow face burn 3 low
participant41 glow cigar burn 5 high
participant41 glow skin beam 6 high
participant48 stray thought digress 5 high
participant48 stray discussion roam 2 low
participant48 stray eye digress 1 low
participant48 stray child roam 6 high
participant48 throb body shudder 3 low
participant48 throb head pulse 5 high
participant48 throb voice pulse 1 high
participant48 throb vein shudder 1 low
participant48 subside flood sink 1 low
participant48 subside fear sink 2 low
participant48 subside symptom lessen 6 high
participant48 subside island lessen 3 low
participant48 rebound shot rally 2 low
participant48 rebound ball ricochet 6 high
participant48 rebound share rally 6 high
participant48 rebound optimism ricochet 4 low
participant48 flicker screen waver 4 low
participant48 flicker tongue flick 1 high
participant48 flicker interest flick 1 low
participant48 flicker hope waver 6 high
participant48 slump shoulder decline 1 low
participant48 slump sale decline 7 high
participant48 slump value slouch 3 low
participant48 slump man slouch 7 high
participant48 bow butler stoop 1 high
participant48 bow company stoop 2 low
participant48 bow head submit 2 low
participant48 bow government submit 5 high
participant48 erupt fountain flare 3 low
participant48 erupt temper burst 2 low
participant48 erupt storm burst 5 high
participant48 erupt conflict flare 7 high
participant48 recoil heart kick 2 low
participant48 recoil hand flinch 7 high
participant48 recoil eye kick 1 low
participant48 recoil rifle flinch 1 low
participant48 boom noise thunder 5 high
participant48 boom export thunder 1 low
participant48 boom sale prosper 7 high
participant48 boom gun prosper 1 low
participant48 waver opinion falter 6 low
participant48 waver concentration fluctuate 4 high
participant48 waver courage falter 6 high
participant48 waver determination fluctuate 7 low
participant48 flare cigarette flame 3 high
participant48 flare eye erupt 3 low
participant48 flare argument flame 3 low
participant48 flare row erupt 4 high
participant48 chatter machine gabble 2 low
participant48 chatter girl click 3 low
participant48 chatter child gabble 6 high
participant48 chatter tooth click 5 high
participant48 reel industry stagger 6 high
participant48 reel mind stagger 7 low
participant48 reel head whirl 5 high
participant48 reel man whirl 5 low
participant48 glow fire beam 2 low
participant48 glow face burn 1 low
participant48 glow cigar burn 6 high
participant48 glow skin beam 2 high
participant49 subside flood sink 6 low
participant49 subside fear sink 4 low
participant49 subside symptom lessen 7 high
participant49 subside island lessen 3 low
participant49 stray thought digress 5 high
participant49 stray discussion roam 5 low
participant49 stray eye digress 5 low
participant49 stray child roam 2 high
participant49 throb body shudder 3 low
participant49 throb head pulse 4 high
participant49 throb voice pulse 4 high
participant49 throb vein shudder 3 low
participant49 chatter machine gabble 6 low
participant49 chatter girl click 2 low
participant49 chatter child gabble 3 high
participant49 chatter tooth click 3 high
participant49 rebound shot rally 3 low
participant49 rebound ball ricochet 7 high
participant49 rebound share rally 2 high
participant49 rebound optimism ricochet 4 low
participant49 flicker screen waver 6 low
participant49 flicker tongue flick 4 high
participant49 flicker hope waver 6 high
participant49 flicker interest flick 3 low
participant49 slump shoulder decline 3 low
participant49 slump sale decline 7 high
participant49 slump value slouch 5 low
participant49 slump man slouch 5 high
participant49 bow butler stoop 5 high
participant49 bow company stoop 4 low
participant49 bow head submit 3 low
participant49 bow government submit 6 high
participant49 erupt storm burst 7 high
participant49 erupt fountain flare 5 low
participant49 erupt temper burst 7 low
participant49 erupt conflict flare 6 high
participant49 recoil heart kick 4 low
participant49 recoil hand flinch 7 high
participant49 recoil eye kick 3 low
participant49 recoil rifle flinch 4 low
participant49 boom noise thunder 5 high
participant49 boom export thunder 4 low
participant49 boom gun prosper 1 low
participant49 boom sale prosper 7 high
participant49 waver opinion falter 4 low
participant49 waver concentration fluctuate 5 high
participant49 waver courage falter 5 high
participant49 waver determination fluctuate 5 low
participant49 flare cigarette flame 5 high
participant49 flare eye erupt 3 low
participant49 flare argument flame 6 low
participant49 flare row erupt 7 high
participant49 reel industry stagger 4 high
participant49 reel mind stagger 3 low
participant49 reel head whirl 2 high
participant49 reel man whirl 2 low
participant49 glow fire beam 3 low
participant49 glow face burn 1 low
participant49 glow cigar burn 5 high
participant49 glow skin beam 7 high
participant37 stray thought digress 7 high
participant37 stray discussion roam 4 low
participant37 stray eye digress 4 low
participant37 stray child roam 6 high
participant37 throb body shudder 4 low
participant37 throb head pulse 7 high
participant37 throb voice pulse 4 high
participant37 throb vein shudder 2 low
participant37 slump shoulder decline 3 low
participant37 slump sale decline 7 high
participant37 slump value slouch 4 low
participant37 slump man slouch 7 high
participant37 rebound share rally 2 high
participant37 rebound ball ricochet 4 high
participant37 rebound shot rally 4 low
participant37 rebound optimism ricochet 4 low
participant37 flicker screen waver 6 low
participant37 flicker tongue flick 2 high
participant37 flicker hope waver 5 high
participant37 flicker interest flick 1 low
participant37 subside island lessen 3 low
participant37 subside fear sink 6 low
participant37 subside symptom lessen 7 high
participant37 subside flood sink 7 low
participant37 bow butler stoop 7 high
participant37 bow head submit 6 low
participant37 bow company stoop 4 low
participant37 bow government submit 7 high
participant37 erupt fountain flare 3 low
participant37 erupt temper burst 7 low
participant37 erupt storm burst 7 high
participant37 erupt conflict flare 7 high
participant37 recoil heart kick 2 low
participant37 recoil rifle flinch 7 low
participant37 recoil eye kick 1 low
participant37 recoil hand flinch 7 high
participant37 boom noise thunder 6 high
participant37 boom export thunder 2 low
participant37 boom gun prosper 3 low
participant37 boom sale prosper 7 high
participant37 waver opinion falter 7 low
participant37 waver concentration fluctuate 7 high
participant37 waver courage falter 7 high
participant37 waver determination fluctuate 7 low
participant37 flare cigarette flame 7 high
participant37 flare eye erupt 2 low
participant37 flare argument flame 4 low
participant37 flare row erupt 6 high
participant37 chatter machine gabble 2 low
participant37 chatter girl click 2 low
participant37 chatter tooth click 4 high
participant37 chatter child gabble 6 high
participant37 reel head whirl 7 high
participant37 reel mind stagger 2 low
participant37 reel industry stagger 6 high
participant37 reel man whirl 6 low
participant37 glow fire beam 4 low
participant37 glow face burn 7 low
participant37 glow cigar burn 6 high
participant37 glow skin beam 6 high
participant19 stray thought roam 1 low
participant19 stray discussion digress 3 high
participant19 stray eye roam 3 high
participant19 stray child digress 5 low
participant19 throb body pulse 7 high
participant19 throb head shudder 2 low
participant19 throb voice shudder 2 low
participant19 throb vein pulse 7 high
participant19 flare cigarette erupt 2 low
participant19 flare eye flame 5 high
participant19 flare argument erupt 4 high
participant19 flare row flame 6 low
participant19 rebound shot ricochet 7 high
participant19 rebound ball rally 6 low
participant19 rebound share ricochet 5 low
participant19 rebound optimism rally 4 high
participant19 flicker screen flick 3 high
participant19 flicker tongue waver 3 low
participant19 flicker interest waver 3 high
participant19 flicker hope flick 1 low
participant19 subside flood lessen 4 high
participant19 subside fear lessen 6 high
participant19 subside symptom sink 1 low
participant19 subside island sink 2 high
participant19 slump shoulder slouch 7 high
participant19 slump sale slouch 2 low
participant19 slump value decline 1 high
participant19 slump man decline 2 low
participant19 bow butler submit 3 low
participant19 bow head stoop 5 high
participant19 bow company submit 2 high
participant19 bow government stoop 2 low
participant19 erupt fountain burst 2 high
participant19 erupt storm flare 3 low
participant19 erupt conflict burst 4 low
participant19 erupt temper flare 6 high
participant19 recoil heart flinch 1 high
participant19 recoil rifle kick 7 high
participant19 recoil eye flinch 4 high
participant19 recoil hand kick 1 low
participant19 boom noise prosper 3 low
participant19 boom export prosper 7 high
participant19 boom sale thunder 3 low
participant19 boom gun thunder 6 high
participant19 waver opinion fluctuate 7 high
participant19 waver concentration falter 7 low
participant19 waver courage fluctuate 7 low
participant19 waver determination falter 6 high
participant19 chatter machine click 4 high
participant19 chatter girl gabble 3 high
participant19 chatter tooth gabble 3 low
participant19 chatter child click 4 low
participant19 reel head stagger 2 low
participant19 reel mind whirl 7 high
participant19 reel industry whirl 5 low
participant19 reel man stagger 4 high
participant19 glow fire burn 4 high
participant19 glow face beam 6 high
participant19 glow cigar beam 3 low
participant19 glow skin burn 2 low
participant18 stray thought roam 3 low
participant18 stray discussion digress 6 high
participant18 stray eye roam 3 high
participant18 stray child digress 4 low
participant18 throb body pulse 7 high
participant18 throb head shudder 3 low
participant18 throb voice shudder 2 low
participant18 throb vein pulse 6 high
participant18 flare cigarette erupt 2 low
participant18 flare eye flame 3 high
participant18 flare argument erupt 4 high
participant18 flare row flame 3 low
participant18 rebound share ricochet 5 low
participant18 rebound ball rally 3 low
participant18 rebound shot ricochet 6 high
participant18 rebound optimism rally 4 high
participant18 flicker tongue waver 3 low
participant18 flicker screen flick 2 high
participant18 flicker hope flick 1 low
participant18 flicker interest waver 2 high
participant18 slump shoulder slouch 5 high
participant18 slump sale slouch 2 low
participant18 slump value decline 6 high
participant18 slump man decline 2 low
participant18 bow butler submit 5 low
participant18 bow head stoop 3 high
participant18 bow company submit 5 high
participant18 bow government stoop 2 low
participant18 erupt storm flare 5 low
participant18 erupt fountain burst 6 high
participant18 erupt temper flare 4 high
participant18 erupt conflict burst 5 low
participant18 recoil heart flinch 3 high
participant18 recoil hand kick 3 low
participant18 recoil eye flinch 4 high
participant18 recoil rifle kick 2 high
participant18 boom noise prosper 4 low
participant18 boom export prosper 6 high
participant18 boom gun thunder 6 high
participant18 boom sale thunder 2 low
participant18 waver opinion fluctuate 4 high
participant18 waver concentration falter 5 low
participant18 waver courage fluctuate 2 low
participant18 waver determination falter 4 high
participant18 subside island sink 5 high
participant18 subside fear lessen 6 high
participant18 subside symptom sink 2 low
participant18 subside flood lessen 6 high
participant18 chatter machine click 4 high
participant18 chatter girl gabble 5 high
participant18 chatter child click 2 low
participant18 chatter tooth gabble 2 low
participant18 reel head stagger 3 low
participant18 reel mind whirl 5 high
participant18 reel industry whirl 4 low
participant18 reel man stagger 2 high
participant18 glow fire burn 4 high
participant18 glow face beam 5 high
participant18 glow cigar beam 3 low
participant18 glow skin burn 2 low
participant35 stray thought digress 7 high
participant35 stray discussion roam 5 low
participant35 stray eye digress 5 low
participant35 stray child roam 6 high
participant35 throb body shudder 6 low
participant35 throb head pulse 4 high
participant35 throb voice pulse 5 high
participant35 throb vein shudder 3 low
participant35 chatter machine gabble 2 low
participant35 chatter girl click 2 low
participant35 chatter tooth click 4 high
participant35 chatter child gabble 4 high
participant35 rebound share rally 6 high
participant35 rebound ball ricochet 5 high
participant35 rebound shot rally 2 low
participant35 rebound optimism ricochet 2 low
participant35 flicker tongue flick 2 high
participant35 flicker screen waver 4 low
participant35 flicker hope waver 7 high
participant35 flicker interest flick 2 low
participant35 subside flood sink 1 low
participant35 subside fear sink 6 low
participant35 subside symptom lessen 7 high
participant35 subside island lessen 4 low
participant35 slump shoulder decline 6 low
participant35 slump sale decline 6 high
participant35 slump value slouch 5 low
participant35 slump man slouch 7 high
participant35 bow butler stoop 2 high
participant35 bow company stoop 4 low
participant35 bow head submit 2 low
participant35 bow government submit 6 high
participant35 erupt storm burst 7 high
participant35 erupt fountain flare 6 low
participant35 erupt temper burst 7 low
participant35 erupt conflict flare 7 high
participant35 recoil heart kick 2 low
participant35 recoil rifle flinch 2 low
participant35 recoil eye kick 2 low
participant35 recoil hand flinch 4 high
participant35 boom noise thunder 7 high
participant35 boom export thunder 1 low
participant35 boom sale prosper 5 high
participant35 boom gun prosper 1 low
participant35 waver opinion falter 4 low
participant35 waver concentration fluctuate 4 high
participant35 waver courage falter 2 high
participant35 waver determination fluctuate 4 low
participant35 flare cigarette flame 5 high
participant35 flare eye erupt 4 low
participant35 flare argument flame 5 low
participant35 flare row erupt 2 high
participant35 reel head whirl 6 high
participant35 reel mind stagger 4 low
participant35 reel industry stagger 1 high
participant35 reel man whirl 5 low
participant35 glow fire beam 2 low
participant35 glow skin beam 4 high
participant35 glow cigar burn 4 high
participant35 glow face burn 2 low
participant34 stray thought roam 7 low
participant34 stray discussion digress 4 high
participant34 stray eye roam 6 high
participant34 stray child digress 5 low
participant34 throb body pulse 6 high
participant34 throb head shudder 3 low
participant34 throb voice shudder 5 low
participant34 throb vein pulse 6 high
participant34 slump shoulder slouch 6 high
participant34 slump sale slouch 4 low
participant34 slump value decline 7 high
participant34 slump man decline 4 low
participant34 rebound share ricochet 4 low
participant34 rebound ball rally 4 low
participant34 rebound shot ricochet 6 high
participant34 rebound optimism rally 6 high
participant34 flicker screen flick 3 high
participant34 flicker tongue waver 4 low
participant34 flicker interest waver 6 high
participant34 flicker hope flick 3 low
participant34 subside island sink 6 high
participant34 subside fear lessen 6 high
participant34 subside symptom sink 4 low
participant34 subside flood lessen 7 high
participant34 bow butler submit 4 low
participant34 bow head stoop 6 high
participant34 bow company submit 6 high
participant34 bow government stoop 4 low
participant34 erupt fountain burst 5 high
participant34 erupt temper flare 6 high
participant34 erupt storm flare 5 low
participant34 erupt conflict burst 4 low
participant34 recoil heart flinch 6 high
participant34 recoil rifle kick 3 high
participant34 recoil eye flinch 6 high
participant34 recoil hand kick 3 low
participant34 boom noise prosper 4 low
participant34 boom export prosper 6 high
participant34 boom gun thunder 6 high
participant34 boom sale thunder 4 low
participant34 waver opinion fluctuate 6 high
participant34 waver concentration falter 6 low
participant34 waver courage fluctuate 5 low
participant34 waver determination falter 6 high
participant34 flare cigarette erupt 5 low
participant34 flare eye flame 6 high
participant34 flare argument erupt 6 high
participant34 flare row flame 4 low
participant34 chatter machine click 4 high
participant34 chatter girl gabble 5 high
participant34 chatter child click 3 low
participant34 chatter tooth gabble 3 low
participant34 reel head stagger 6 low
participant34 reel mind whirl 6 high
participant34 reel industry whirl 4 low
participant34 reel man stagger 7 high
participant34 glow fire burn 6 high
participant34 glow face beam 5 high
participant34 glow cigar beam 4 low
participant34 glow skin burn 4 low
participant33 subside flood lessen 7 high
participant33 subside fear lessen 7 high
participant33 subside symptom sink 4 low
participant33 subside island sink 3 high
participant33 stray thought roam 7 low
participant33 stray discussion digress 7 high
participant33 stray eye roam 7 high
participant33 stray child digress 3 low
participant33 throb body pulse 6 high
participant33 throb head shudder 2 low
participant33 throb voice shudder 1 low
participant33 throb vein pulse 7 high
participant33 chatter machine click 4 high
participant33 chatter girl gabble 3 high
participant33 chatter child click 1 low
participant33 chatter tooth gabble 3 low
participant33 rebound share ricochet 7 low
participant33 rebound ball rally 3 low
participant33 rebound shot ricochet 7 high
participant33 rebound optimism rally 3 high
participant33 flicker screen flick 6 high
participant33 flicker interest waver 5 high
participant33 flicker tongue waver 3 low
participant33 flicker hope flick 6 low
participant33 slump shoulder slouch 6 high
participant33 slump sale slouch 7 low
participant33 slump value decline 6 high
participant33 slump man decline 4 low
participant33 bow butler submit 2 low
participant33 bow company submit 6 high
participant33 bow head stoop 6 high
participant33 bow government stoop 6 low
participant33 erupt fountain burst 4 high
participant33 erupt storm flare 6 low
participant33 erupt conflict burst 7 low
participant33 erupt temper flare 6 high
participant33 recoil heart flinch 3 high
participant33 recoil hand kick 1 low
participant33 recoil eye flinch 3 high
participant33 recoil rifle kick 5 high
participant33 boom noise prosper 2 low
participant33 boom export prosper 6 high
participant33 boom gun thunder 7 high
participant33 boom sale thunder 1 low
participant33 waver opinion fluctuate 5 high
participant33 waver concentration falter 7 low
participant33 waver courage fluctuate 4 low
participant33 waver determination falter 6 high
participant33 flare cigarette erupt 1 low
participant33 flare eye flame 6 high
participant33 flare argument erupt 6 high
participant33 flare row flame 4 low
participant33 reel head stagger 3 low
participant33 reel mind whirl 4 high
participant33 reel industry whirl 4 low
participant33 reel man stagger 4 high
participant33 glow fire burn 6 high
participant33 glow face beam 7 high
participant33 glow cigar beam 2 low
participant33 glow skin burn 3 low
participant32 stray thought roam 5 low
participant32 stray discussion digress 6 high
participant32 stray eye roam 4 high
participant32 stray child digress 4 low
participant32 throb body pulse 6 high
participant32 throb head shudder 2 low
participant32 throb voice shudder 2 low
participant32 throb vein pulse 6 high
participant32 flare cigarette erupt 2 low
participant32 flare eye flame 5 high
participant32 flare argument erupt 6 high
participant32 flare row flame 4 low
participant32 rebound share ricochet 4 low
participant32 rebound ball rally 4 low
participant32 rebound shot ricochet 6 high
participant32 rebound optimism rally 5 high
participant32 flicker tongue waver 2 low
participant32 flicker screen flick 3 high
participant32 flicker interest waver 6 high
participant32 flicker hope flick 3 low
participant32 slump shoulder slouch 5 high
participant32 slump sale slouch 2 low
participant32 slump value decline 6 high
participant32 slump man decline 3 low
participant32 bow butler submit 2 low
participant32 bow head stoop 5 high
participant32 bow company submit 2 high
participant32 bow government stoop 4 low
participant32 erupt fountain burst 5 high
participant32 erupt storm flare 5 low
participant32 erupt conflict burst 5 low
participant32 erupt temper flare 6 high
participant32 recoil heart flinch 5 high
participant32 recoil hand kick 2 low
participant32 recoil eye flinch 2 high
participant32 recoil rifle kick 5 high
participant32 boom noise prosper 3 low
participant32 boom export prosper 6 high
participant32 boom gun thunder 4 high
participant32 boom sale thunder 3 low
participant32 waver opinion fluctuate 6 high
participant32 waver concentration falter 6 low
participant32 waver courage fluctuate 6 low
participant32 waver determination falter 6 high
participant32 subside island sink 5 high
participant32 subside fear lessen 5 high
participant32 subside symptom sink 3 low
participant32 subside flood lessen 5 high
participant32 chatter machine click 3 high
participant32 chatter girl gabble 5 high
participant32 chatter tooth gabble 2 low
participant32 chatter child click 3 low
participant32 reel industry whirl 3 low
participant32 reel mind whirl 5 high
participant32 reel head stagger 2 low
participant32 reel man stagger 6 high
participant32 glow fire burn 5 high
participant32 glow face beam 6 high
participant32 glow cigar beam 3 low
participant32 glow skin burn 4 low
participant31 stray thought roam 6 low
participant31 stray discussion digress 6 high
participant31 stray eye roam 6 high
participant31 stray child digress 3 low
participant31 throb body pulse 6 high
participant31 throb head shudder 3 low
participant31 throb voice shudder 3 low
participant31 throb vein pulse 6 high
participant31 flare cigarette erupt 3 low
participant31 flare eye flame 6 high
participant31 flare argument erupt 6 high
participant31 flare row flame 2 low
participant31 rebound share ricochet 6 low
participant31 rebound ball rally 3 low
participant31 rebound shot ricochet 6 high
participant31 rebound optimism rally 3 high
participant31 flicker tongue waver 3 low
participant31 flicker interest waver 4 high
participant31 flicker screen flick 2 high
participant31 flicker hope flick 1 low
participant31 slump shoulder slouch 6 high
participant31 slump sale slouch 7 low
participant31 slump value decline 6 high
participant31 slump man decline 2 low
participant31 bow butler submit 4 low
participant31 bow company submit 4 high
participant31 bow head stoop 6 high
participant31 bow government stoop 3 low
participant31 erupt fountain burst 6 high
participant31 erupt conflict burst 4 low
participant31 erupt storm flare 6 low
participant31 erupt temper flare 6 high
participant31 recoil heart flinch 3 high
participant31 recoil rifle kick 6 high
participant31 recoil eye flinch 3 high
participant31 recoil hand kick 2 low
participant31 boom noise prosper 1 low
participant31 boom export prosper 2 high
participant31 boom gun thunder 6 high
participant31 boom sale thunder 2 low
participant31 waver opinion fluctuate 5 high
participant31 waver concentration falter 6 low
participant31 waver courage fluctuate 4 low
participant31 waver determination falter 5 high
participant31 subside island sink 5 high
participant31 subside fear lessen 7 high
participant31 subside symptom sink 2 low
participant31 subside flood lessen 6 high
participant31 reel head stagger 2 low
participant31 reel mind whirl 6 high
participant31 reel industry whirl 3 low
participant31 reel man stagger 6 high
participant31 chatter machine click 5 high
participant31 chatter girl gabble 6 high
participant31 chatter child click 2 low
participant31 chatter tooth gabble 2 low
participant31 glow fire burn 5 high
participant31 glow face beam 6 high
participant31 glow cigar beam 1 low
participant31 glow skin burn 2 low
participant30 stray thought roam 7 low
participant30 stray discussion digress 6 high
participant30 stray eye roam 7 high
participant30 stray child digress 7 low
participant30 throb body pulse 4 high
participant30 throb head shudder 3 low
participant30 throb voice shudder 3 low
participant30 throb vein pulse 6 high
participant30 reel industry whirl 2 low
participant30 reel mind whirl 6 high
participant30 reel head stagger 2 low
participant30 reel man stagger 2 high
participant30 rebound shot ricochet 7 high
participant30 rebound ball rally 2 low
participant30 rebound share ricochet 5 low
participant30 rebound optimism rally 4 high
participant30 flicker tongue waver 3 low
participant30 flicker screen flick 1 high
participant30 flicker hope flick 1 low
participant30 flicker interest waver 5 high
participant30 slump shoulder slouch 6 high
participant30 slump sale slouch 4 low
participant30 slump value decline 7 high
participant30 slump man decline 1 low
participant30 bow butler submit 6 low
participant30 bow head stoop 6 high
participant30 bow company submit 4 high
participant30 bow government stoop 3 low
participant30 erupt storm flare 5 low
participant30 erupt fountain burst 5 high
participant30 erupt temper flare 7 high
participant30 erupt conflict burst 5 low
participant30 recoil heart flinch 5 high
participant30 recoil rifle kick 7 high
participant30 recoil eye flinch 2 high
participant30 recoil hand kick 1 low
participant30 subside flood lessen 6 high
participant30 subside fear lessen 6 high
participant30 subside symptom sink 2 low
participant30 subside island sink 4 high
participant30 waver opinion fluctuate 6 high
participant30 waver concentration falter 6 low
participant30 waver courage fluctuate 5 low
participant30 waver determination falter 7 high
participant30 flare cigarette erupt 2 low
participant30 flare eye flame 4 high
participant30 flare argument erupt 7 high
participant30 flare row flame 2 low
participant30 boom noise prosper 1 low
participant30 boom export prosper 5 high
participant30 boom gun thunder 7 high
participant30 boom sale thunder 3 low
participant30 chatter machine click 3 high
participant30 chatter girl gabble 6 high
participant30 chatter child click 1 low
participant30 chatter tooth gabble 3 low
participant30 glow fire burn 5 high
participant30 glow skin burn 1 low
participant30 glow cigar beam 5 low
participant30 glow face beam 7 high
participant11 stray thought roam 5 low
participant11 stray discussion digress 2 high
participant11 stray eye roam 5 high
participant11 stray child digress 3 low
participant11 throb body pulse 4 high
participant11 throb head shudder 2 low
participant11 throb voice shudder 5 low
participant11 throb vein pulse 4 high
participant11 flare cigarette erupt 2 low
participant11 flare eye flame 5 high
participant11 flare argument erupt 5 high
participant11 flare row flame 4 low
participant11 rebound share ricochet 4 low
participant11 rebound ball rally 2 low
participant11 rebound shot ricochet 6 high
participant11 rebound optimism rally 2 high
participant11 flicker tongue waver 2 low
participant11 flicker interest waver 3 high
participant11 flicker screen flick 2 high
participant11 flicker hope flick 2 low
participant11 slump shoulder slouch 6 high
participant11 slump sale slouch 6 low
participant11 slump value decline 5 high
participant11 slump man decline 2 low
participant11 bow butler submit 3 low
participant11 bow company submit 6 high
participant11 bow head stoop 5 high
participant11 bow government stoop 3 low
participant11 erupt fountain burst 3 high
participant11 erupt temper flare 5 high
participant11 erupt storm flare 3 low
participant11 erupt conflict burst 6 low
participant11 recoil heart flinch 3 high
participant11 recoil rifle kick 5 high
participant11 recoil eye flinch 3 high
participant11 recoil hand kick 2 low
participant11 boom noise prosper 1 low
participant11 boom export prosper 6 high
participant11 boom sale thunder 4 low
participant11 boom gun thunder 6 high
participant11 waver opinion fluctuate 4 high
participant11 waver concentration falter 4 low
participant11 waver courage fluctuate 2 low
participant11 waver determination falter 5 high
participant11 subside island sink 3 high
participant11 subside fear lessen 5 high
participant11 subside symptom sink 4 low
participant11 subside flood lessen 5 high
participant11 chatter machine click 4 high
participant11 chatter girl gabble 5 high
participant11 chatter tooth gabble 1 low
participant11 chatter child click 3 low
participant11 reel industry whirl 3 low
participant11 reel mind whirl 5 high
participant11 reel head stagger 2 low
participant11 reel man stagger 4 high
participant11 glow fire burn 4 high
participant11 glow skin burn 3 low
participant11 glow cigar beam 3 low
participant11 glow face beam 6 high
participant10 stray thought roam 7 low
participant10 stray discussion digress 7 high
participant10 stray eye roam 7 high
participant10 stray child digress 1 low
participant10 throb body pulse 6 high
participant10 throb head shudder 1 low
participant10 throb voice shudder 2 low
participant10 throb vein pulse 7 high
participant10 flare cigarette erupt 3 low
participant10 flare eye flame 7 high
participant10 flare argument erupt 5 high
participant10 flare row flame 4 low
participant10 rebound shot ricochet 6 high
participant10 rebound ball rally 4 low
participant10 rebound share ricochet 1 low
participant10 rebound optimism rally 7 high
participant10 flicker tongue waver 1 low
participant10 flicker hope flick 2 low
participant10 flicker screen flick 4 high
participant10 flicker interest waver 6 high
participant10 slump shoulder slouch 7 high
participant10 slump sale slouch 6 low
participant10 slump value decline 7 high
participant10 slump man decline 1 low
participant10 bow butler submit 7 low
participant10 bow company submit 7 high
participant10 bow head stoop 3 high
participant10 bow government stoop 2 low
participant10 erupt fountain burst 2 high
participant10 erupt temper flare 6 high
participant10 erupt storm flare 2 low
participant10 erupt conflict burst 1 low
participant10 recoil heart flinch 2 high
participant10 recoil rifle kick 6 high
participant10 recoil eye flinch 5 high
participant10 recoil hand kick 5 low
participant10 boom noise prosper 2 low
participant10 boom export prosper 6 high
participant10 boom sale thunder 6 low
participant10 boom gun thunder 7 high
participant10 waver opinion fluctuate 3 high
participant10 waver concentration falter 5 low
participant10 waver courage fluctuate 2 low
participant10 waver determination falter 7 high
participant10 subside island sink 7 high
participant10 subside fear lessen 7 high
participant10 subside symptom sink 7 low
participant10 subside flood lessen 7 high
participant10 reel head stagger 6 low
participant10 reel mind whirl 5 high
participant10 reel industry whirl 1 low
participant10 reel man stagger 6 high
participant10 chatter machine click 5 high
participant10 chatter girl gabble 5 high
participant10 chatter tooth gabble 2 low
participant10 chatter child click 1 low
participant10 glow fire burn 7 high
participant10 glow face beam 6 high
participant10 glow cigar beam 1 low
participant10 glow skin burn 7 low
participant13 stray thought roam 2 low
participant13 stray discussion digress 7 high
participant13 stray eye roam 7 high
participant13 stray child digress 2 low
participant13 throb body pulse 6 high
participant13 throb head shudder 4 low
participant13 throb voice shudder 3 low
participant13 throb vein pulse 6 high
participant13 chatter machine click 4 high
participant13 chatter girl gabble 6 high
participant13 chatter child click 3 low
participant13 chatter tooth gabble 2 low
participant13 rebound share ricochet 5 low
participant13 rebound ball rally 1 low
participant13 rebound shot ricochet 6 high
participant13 rebound optimism rally 4 high
participant13 flicker screen flick 4 high
participant13 flicker tongue waver 3 low
participant13 flicker interest waver 4 high
participant13 flicker hope flick 2 low
participant13 slump shoulder slouch 5 high
participant13 slump sale slouch 2 low
participant13 slump value decline 4 high
participant13 slump man decline 2 low
participant13 bow butler submit 1 low
participant13 bow head stoop 6 high
participant13 bow company submit 6 high
participant13 bow government stoop 3 low
participant13 flare cigarette erupt 3 low
participant13 flare eye flame 6 high
participant13 flare argument erupt 7 high
participant13 flare row flame 5 low
participant13 erupt fountain burst 6 high
participant13 erupt conflict burst 5 low
participant13 erupt storm flare 4 low
participant13 erupt temper flare 6 high
participant13 recoil heart flinch 5 high
participant13 recoil hand kick 1 low
participant13 recoil eye flinch 5 high
participant13 recoil rifle kick 6 high
participant13 boom noise prosper 5 low
participant13 boom export prosper 6 high
participant13 boom gun thunder 5 high
participant13 boom sale thunder 5 low
participant13 waver opinion fluctuate 3 high
participant13 waver concentration falter 7 low
participant13 waver courage fluctuate 2 low
participant13 waver determination falter 7 high
participant13 subside island sink 3 high
participant13 subside fear lessen 5 high
participant13 subside symptom sink 3 low
participant13 subside flood lessen 6 high
participant13 reel industry whirl 2 low
participant13 reel mind whirl 3 high
participant13 reel head stagger 3 low
participant13 reel man stagger 6 high
participant13 glow fire burn 5 high
participant13 glow face beam 2 high
participant13 glow cigar beam 2 low
participant13 glow skin burn 3 low
participant12 stray thought roam 6 low
participant12 stray discussion digress 6 high
participant12 stray eye roam 3 high
participant12 stray child digress 2 low
participant12 throb body pulse 3 high
participant12 throb head shudder 2 low
participant12 throb voice shudder 2 low
participant12 throb vein pulse 7 high
participant12 subside island sink 5 high
participant12 subside fear lessen 6 high
participant12 subside symptom sink 1 low
participant12 subside flood lessen 5 high
participant12 rebound shot ricochet 7 high
participant12 rebound ball rally 1 low
participant12 rebound share ricochet 1 low
participant12 rebound optimism rally 1 high
participant12 flicker tongue waver 3 low
participant12 flicker screen flick 7 high
participant12 flicker interest waver 4 high
participant12 flicker hope flick 1 low
participant12 slump shoulder slouch 7 high
participant12 slump sale slouch 2 low
participant12 slump value decline 7 high
participant12 slump man decline 1 low
participant12 bow butler submit 2 low
participant12 bow company submit 6 high
participant12 bow head stoop 2 high
participant12 bow government stoop 2 low
participant12 erupt fountain burst 4 high
participant12 erupt temper flare 5 high
participant12 erupt storm flare 1 low
participant12 erupt conflict burst 2 low
participant12 recoil heart flinch 1 high
participant12 recoil rifle kick 7 high
participant12 recoil eye flinch 3 high
participant12 recoil hand kick 3 low
participant12 boom noise prosper 2 low
participant12 boom export prosper 2 high
participant12 boom sale thunder 2 low
participant12 boom gun thunder 7 high
participant12 waver opinion fluctuate 6 high
participant12 waver concentration falter 7 low
participant12 waver courage fluctuate 3 low
participant12 waver determination falter 6 high
participant12 flare cigarette erupt 2 low
participant12 flare eye flame 1 high
participant12 flare argument erupt 6 high
participant12 flare row flame 4 low
participant12 chatter machine click 4 high
participant12 chatter girl gabble 3 high
participant12 chatter tooth gabble 3 low
participant12 chatter child click 5 low
participant12 reel industry whirl 5 low
participant12 reel mind whirl 5 high
participant12 reel head stagger 1 low
participant12 reel man stagger 5 high
participant12 glow fire burn 4 high
participant12 glow skin burn 3 low
participant12 glow cigar beam 1 low
participant12 glow face beam 5 high
participant15 stray thought roam 6 low
participant15 stray discussion digress 3 high
participant15 stray eye roam 2 high
participant15 stray child digress 2 low
participant15 throb body pulse 2 high
participant15 throb head shudder 2 low
participant15 throb voice shudder 1 low
participant15 throb vein pulse 6 high
participant15 flare cigarette erupt 2 low
participant15 flare eye flame 3 high
participant15 flare argument erupt 5 high
participant15 flare row flame 4 low
participant15 rebound shot ricochet 2 high
participant15 rebound ball rally 1 low
participant15 rebound share ricochet 3 low
participant15 rebound optimism rally 2 high
participant15 flicker screen flick 2 high
participant15 flicker interest waver 2 high
participant15 flicker tongue waver 2 low
participant15 flicker hope flick 2 low
participant15 slump shoulder slouch 6 high
participant15 slump sale slouch 4 low
participant15 slump value decline 4 high
participant15 slump man decline 5 low
participant15 bow butler submit 2 low
participant15 bow head stoop 2 high
participant15 bow company submit 2 high
participant15 bow government stoop 2 low
participant15 erupt fountain burst 2 high
participant15 erupt storm flare 1 low
participant15 erupt conflict burst 1 low
participant15 erupt temper flare 4 high
participant15 recoil heart flinch 2 high
participant15 recoil hand kick 2 low
participant15 recoil eye flinch 2 high
participant15 recoil rifle kick 4 high
participant15 boom noise prosper 2 low
participant15 boom export prosper 4 high
participant15 boom sale thunder 2 low
participant15 boom gun thunder 6 high
participant15 waver opinion fluctuate 3 high
participant15 waver concentration falter 6 low
participant15 waver courage fluctuate 3 low
participant15 waver determination falter 5 high
participant15 subside flood lessen 6 high
participant15 subside fear lessen 6 high
participant15 subside symptom sink 4 low
participant15 subside island sink 5 high
participant15 chatter machine click 2 high
participant15 chatter girl gabble 6 high
participant15 chatter tooth gabble 6 low
participant15 chatter child click 1 low
participant15 reel industry whirl 1 low
participant15 reel mind whirl 4 high
participant15 reel head stagger 2 low
participant15 reel man stagger 2 high
participant15 glow fire burn 6 high
participant15 glow skin burn 1 low
participant15 glow cigar beam 1 low
participant15 glow face beam 5 high
participant14 stray thought roam 6 low
participant14 stray discussion digress 5 high
participant14 stray eye roam 5 high
participant14 stray child digress 2 low
participant14 throb body pulse 5 high
participant14 throb head shudder 1 low
participant14 throb voice shudder 2 low
participant14 throb vein pulse 6 high
participant14 flare cigarette erupt 2 low
participant14 flare eye flame 2 high
participant14 flare argument erupt 5 high
participant14 flare row flame 2 low
participant14 rebound shot ricochet 5 high
participant14 rebound ball rally 2 low
participant14 rebound share ricochet 2 low
participant14 rebound optimism rally 3 high
participant14 flicker tongue waver 2 low
participant14 flicker hope flick 2 low
participant14 flicker screen flick 2 high
participant14 flicker interest waver 3 high
participant14 subside flood lessen 5 high
participant14 subside fear lessen 6 high
participant14 subside symptom sink 2 low
participant14 subside island sink 1 high
participant14 slump shoulder slouch 6 high
participant14 slump sale slouch 3 low
participant14 slump value decline 6 high
participant14 slump man decline 1 low
participant14 bow butler submit 5 low
participant14 bow company submit 3 high
participant14 bow head stoop 5 high
participant14 bow government stoop 1 low
participant14 erupt fountain burst 2 high
participant14 erupt storm flare 1 low
participant14 erupt conflict burst 3 low
participant14 erupt temper flare 4 high
participant14 recoil heart flinch 2 high
participant14 recoil rifle kick 5 high
participant14 recoil eye flinch 2 high
participant14 recoil hand kick 2 low
participant14 boom noise prosper 2 low
participant14 boom export prosper 4 high
participant14 boom sale thunder 1 low
participant14 boom gun thunder 3 high
participant14 waver opinion fluctuate 3 high
participant14 waver concentration falter 6 low
participant14 waver courage fluctuate 3 low
participant14 waver determination falter 7 high
participant14 reel industry whirl 4 low
participant14 reel mind whirl 3 high
participant14 reel head stagger 2 low
participant14 reel man stagger 5 high
participant14 chatter machine click 5 high
participant14 chatter girl gabble 4 high
participant14 chatter child click 2 low
participant14 chatter tooth gabble 1 low
participant14 glow fire burn 4 high
participant14 glow face beam 6 high
participant14 glow cigar beam 3 low
participant14 glow skin burn 2 low
participant17 stray thought roam 6 low
participant17 stray discussion digress 6 high
participant17 stray eye roam 5 high
participant17 stray child digress 1 low
participant17 throb body pulse 3 high
participant17 throb head shudder 2 low
participant17 throb voice shudder 2 low
participant17 throb vein pulse 6 high
participant17 reel head stagger 1 low
participant17 reel mind whirl 3 high
participant17 reel industry whirl 4 low
participant17 reel man stagger 5 high
participant17 rebound shot ricochet 6 high
participant17 rebound ball rally 5 low
participant17 rebound share ricochet 6 low
participant17 rebound optimism rally 5 high
participant17 flicker tongue waver 5 low
participant17 flicker hope flick 1 low
participant17 flicker screen flick 2 high
participant17 flicker interest waver 7 high
participant17 subside flood lessen 5 high
participant17 subside fear lessen 6 high
participant17 subside symptom sink 1 low
participant17 subside island sink 6 high
participant17 slump shoulder slouch 5 high
participant17 slump sale slouch 7 low
participant17 slump value decline 6 high
participant17 slump man decline 1 low
participant17 bow butler submit 2 low
participant17 bow head stoop 4 high
participant17 bow company submit 3 high
participant17 bow government stoop 2 low
participant17 erupt storm flare 4 low
participant17 erupt fountain burst 2 high
participant17 erupt temper flare 5 high
participant17 erupt conflict burst 3 low
participant17 recoil heart flinch 2 high
participant17 recoil hand kick 2 low
participant17 recoil eye flinch 3 high
participant17 recoil rifle kick 4 high
participant17 boom noise prosper 1 low
participant17 boom export prosper 7 high
participant17 boom sale thunder 3 low
participant17 boom gun thunder 6 high
participant17 waver opinion fluctuate 3 high
participant17 waver concentration falter 5 low
participant17 waver courage fluctuate 2 low
participant17 waver determination falter 5 high
participant17 flare cigarette erupt 1 low
participant17 flare eye flame 3 high
participant17 flare argument erupt 4 high
participant17 flare row flame 5 low
participant17 chatter machine click 5 high
participant17 chatter girl gabble 5 high
participant17 chatter tooth gabble 1 low
participant17 chatter child click 1 low
participant17 glow fire burn 3 high
participant17 glow skin burn 3 low
participant17 glow cigar beam 2 low
participant17 glow face beam 7 high
participant16 stray thought roam 6 low
participant16 stray discussion digress 5 high
participant16 stray eye roam 5 high
participant16 stray child digress 6 low
participant16 throb body pulse 5 high
participant16 throb head shudder 2 low
participant16 throb voice shudder 3 low
participant16 throb vein pulse 7 high
participant16 flare cigarette erupt 1 low
participant16 flare eye flame 5 high
participant16 flare argument erupt 4 high
participant16 flare row flame 6 low
participant16 rebound share ricochet 3 low
participant16 rebound ball rally 3 low
participant16 rebound shot ricochet 6 high
participant16 rebound optimism rally 2 high
participant16 flicker screen flick 3 high
participant16 flicker hope flick 2 low
participant16 flicker tongue waver 3 low
participant16 flicker interest waver 3 high
participant16 slump shoulder slouch 5 high
participant16 slump sale slouch 5 low
participant16 slump value decline 4 high
participant16 slump man decline 1 low
participant16 bow butler submit 2 low
participant16 bow company submit 2 high
participant16 bow head stoop 6 high
participant16 bow government stoop 6 low
participant16 erupt fountain burst 3 high
participant16 erupt temper flare 1 high
participant16 erupt storm flare 2 low
participant16 erupt conflict burst 5 low
participant16 recoil heart flinch 1 high
participant16 recoil rifle kick 3 high
participant16 recoil eye flinch 3 high
participant16 recoil hand kick 1 low
participant16 boom noise prosper 3 low
participant16 boom export prosper 1 high
participant16 boom gun thunder 4 high
participant16 boom sale thunder 1 low
participant16 waver opinion fluctuate 6 high
participant16 waver concentration falter 6 low
participant16 waver courage fluctuate 7 low
participant16 waver determination falter 2 high
participant16 subside island sink 2 high
participant16 subside fear lessen 3 high
participant16 subside symptom sink 4 low
participant16 subside flood lessen 2 high
participant16 chatter machine click 4 high
participant16 chatter girl gabble 5 high
participant16 chatter tooth gabble 1 low
participant16 chatter child click 3 low
participant16 reel industry whirl 3 low
participant16 reel mind whirl 3 high
participant16 reel head stagger 2 low
participant16 reel man stagger 4 high
participant16 glow fire burn 3 high
participant16 glow skin burn 2 low
participant16 glow cigar beam 3 low
participant16 glow face beam 6 high
participant55 stray thought digress 7 high
participant55 stray discussion roam 5 low
participant55 stray eye digress 2 low
participant55 stray child roam 6 high
participant55 throb body shudder 7 low
participant55 throb head pulse 6 high
participant55 throb voice pulse 5 high
participant55 throb vein shudder 5 low
participant55 flare cigarette flame 5 high
participant55 flare eye erupt 2 low
participant55 flare argument flame 5 low
participant55 flare row erupt 7 high
participant55 rebound share rally 7 high
participant55 rebound ball ricochet 6 high
participant55 rebound shot rally 2 low
participant55 rebound optimism ricochet 2 low
participant55 flicker screen waver 5 low
participant55 flicker interest flick 4 low
participant55 flicker tongue flick 4 high
participant55 flicker hope waver 6 high
participant55 subside flood sink 6 low
participant55 subside fear sink 6 low
participant55 subside symptom lessen 7 high
participant55 subside island lessen 3 low
participant55 slump shoulder decline 5 low
participant55 slump sale decline 7 high
participant55 slump value slouch 4 low
participant55 slump man slouch 6 high
participant55 bow butler stoop 4 high
participant55 bow head submit 4 low
participant55 bow company stoop 3 low
participant55 bow government submit 6 high
participant55 erupt storm burst 7 high
participant55 erupt fountain flare 3 low
participant55 erupt temper burst 2 low
participant55 erupt conflict flare 7 high
participant55 recoil heart kick 4 low
participant55 recoil rifle flinch 2 low
participant55 recoil eye kick 1 low
participant55 recoil hand flinch 6 high
participant55 boom noise thunder 7 high
participant55 boom export thunder 2 low
participant55 boom gun prosper 1 low
participant55 boom sale prosper 7 high
participant55 waver opinion falter 4 low
participant55 waver concentration fluctuate 7 high
participant55 waver courage falter 7 high
participant55 waver determination fluctuate 7 low
participant55 chatter machine gabble 4 low
participant55 chatter girl click 2 low
participant55 chatter tooth click 5 high
participant55 chatter child gabble 7 high
participant55 reel head whirl 7 high
participant55 reel mind stagger 6 low
participant55 reel industry stagger 5 high
participant55 reel man whirl 5 low
participant55 glow fire beam 5 low
participant55 glow skin beam 3 high
participant55 glow cigar burn 6 high
participant55 glow face burn 5 low
participant54 stray thought digress 6 high
participant54 stray discussion roam 5 low
participant54 stray eye digress 3 low
participant54 stray child roam 6 high
participant54 throb body shudder 4 low
participant54 throb head pulse 6 high
participant54 throb voice pulse 4 high
participant54 throb vein shudder 3 low
participant54 flare cigarette flame 5 high
participant54 flare eye erupt 1 low
participant54 flare argument flame 5 low
participant54 flare row erupt 6 high
participant54 rebound share rally 7 high
participant54 rebound ball ricochet 7 high
participant54 rebound shot rally 1 low
participant54 rebound optimism ricochet 1 low
participant54 flicker tongue flick 5 high
participant54 flicker hope waver 7 high
participant54 flicker screen waver 5 low
participant54 flicker interest flick 1 low
participant54 subside flood sink 6 low
participant54 subside fear sink 4 low
participant54 subside symptom lessen 7 high
participant54 subside island lessen 2 low
participant54 slump shoulder decline 3 low
participant54 slump sale decline 7 high
participant54 slump value slouch 2 low
participant54 slump man slouch 6 high
participant54 bow butler stoop 5 high
participant54 bow company stoop 3 low
participant54 bow head submit 4 low
participant54 bow government submit 7 high
participant54 erupt fountain flare 4 low
participant54 erupt storm burst 7 high
participant54 erupt conflict flare 6 high
participant54 erupt temper burst 2 low
participant54 recoil heart kick 3 low
participant54 recoil hand flinch 5 high
participant54 recoil eye kick 1 low
participant54 recoil rifle flinch 1 low
participant54 boom noise thunder 6 high
participant54 boom export thunder 1 low
participant54 boom sale prosper 7 high
participant54 boom gun prosper 1 low
participant54 waver opinion falter 7 low
participant54 waver concentration fluctuate 4 high
participant54 waver courage falter 7 high
participant54 waver determination fluctuate 5 low
participant54 chatter machine gabble 5 low
participant54 chatter girl click 1 low
participant54 chatter child gabble 6 high
participant54 chatter tooth click 6 high
participant54 reel head whirl 7 high
participant54 reel mind stagger 3 low
participant54 reel industry stagger 5 high
participant54 reel man whirl 4 low
participant54 glow skin beam 4 high
participant54 glow fire beam 4 low
participant54 glow cigar burn 7 high
participant54 glow face burn 4 low
participant57 stray thought digress 6 high
participant57 stray discussion roam 3 low
participant57 stray eye digress 5 low
participant57 stray child roam 5 high
participant57 throb body shudder 5 low
participant57 throb head pulse 7 high
participant57 throb voice pulse 5 high
participant57 throb vein shudder 3 low
participant57 flare cigarette flame 4 high
participant57 flare eye erupt 2 low
participant57 flare argument flame 5 low
participant57 flare row erupt 7 high
participant57 rebound share rally 7 high
participant57 rebound ball ricochet 7 high
participant57 rebound shot rally 3 low
participant57 rebound optimism ricochet 2 low
participant57 flicker tongue flick 2 high
participant57 flicker interest flick 2 low
participant57 flicker screen waver 3 low
participant57 flicker hope waver 4 high
participant57 slump shoulder decline 2 low
participant57 slump sale decline 7 high
participant57 slump value slouch 1 low
participant57 slump man slouch 7 high
participant57 bow butler stoop 6 high
participant57 bow company stoop 2 low
participant57 bow head submit 4 low
participant57 bow government submit 6 high
participant57 erupt storm burst 2 high
participant57 erupt fountain flare 3 low
participant57 erupt temper burst 6 low
participant57 erupt conflict flare 7 high
participant57 recoil heart kick 3 low
participant57 recoil hand flinch 6 high
participant57 recoil eye kick 2 low
participant57 recoil rifle flinch 2 low
participant57 boom noise thunder 7 high
participant57 boom export thunder 2 low
participant57 boom gun prosper 1 low
participant57 boom sale prosper 7 high
participant57 waver opinion falter 7 low
participant57 waver concentration fluctuate 3 high
participant57 waver courage falter 7 high
participant57 waver determination fluctuate 5 low
participant57 subside island lessen 2 low
participant57 subside fear sink 4 low
participant57 subside symptom lessen 6 high
participant57 subside flood sink 2 low
participant57 chatter machine gabble 5 low
participant57 chatter girl click 2 low
participant57 chatter tooth click 3 high
participant57 chatter child gabble 5 high
participant57 reel head whirl 3 high
participant57 reel mind stagger 3 low
participant57 reel industry stagger 4 high
participant57 reel man whirl 3 low
participant57 glow fire beam 2 low
participant57 glow skin beam 7 high
participant57 glow cigar burn 6 high
participant57 glow face burn 1 low
participant56 subside island lessen 1 low
participant56 subside fear sink 3 low
participant56 subside symptom lessen 6 high
participant56 subside flood sink 5 low
participant56 stray thought digress 6 high
participant56 stray discussion roam 2 low
participant56 stray eye digress 1 low
participant56 stray child roam 4 high
participant56 throb body shudder 3 low
participant56 throb head pulse 7 high
participant56 throb voice pulse 6 high
participant56 throb vein shudder 1 low
participant56 reel industry stagger 4 high
participant56 reel mind stagger 1 low
participant56 reel head whirl 6 high
participant56 reel man whirl 2 low
participant56 rebound shot rally 1 low
participant56 rebound ball ricochet 6 high
participant56 rebound share rally 6 high
participant56 rebound optimism ricochet 1 low
participant56 flicker screen waver 6 low
participant56 flicker tongue flick 1 high
participant56 flicker hope waver 5 high
participant56 flicker interest flick 1 low
participant56 slump shoulder decline 1 low
participant56 slump sale decline 6 high
participant56 slump value slouch 1 low
participant56 slump man slouch 5 high
participant56 bow butler stoop 4 high
participant56 bow company stoop 1 low
participant56 bow head submit 1 low
participant56 bow government submit 3 high
participant56 erupt fountain flare 4 low
participant56 erupt conflict flare 6 high
participant56 erupt storm burst 4 high
participant56 erupt temper burst 4 low
participant56 recoil heart kick 1 low
participant56 recoil hand flinch 6 high
participant56 recoil eye kick 1 low
participant56 recoil rifle flinch 1 low
participant56 boom noise thunder 6 high
participant56 boom export thunder 1 low
participant56 boom sale prosper 7 high
participant56 boom gun prosper 1 low
participant56 waver opinion falter 6 low
participant56 waver concentration fluctuate 5 high
participant56 waver courage falter 6 high
participant56 waver determination fluctuate 4 low
participant56 flare cigarette flame 4 high
participant56 flare eye erupt 2 low
participant56 flare argument flame 4 low
participant56 flare row erupt 6 high
participant56 chatter machine gabble 2 low
participant56 chatter girl click 1 low
participant56 chatter tooth click 4 high
participant56 chatter child gabble 6 high
participant56 glow fire beam 2 low
participant56 glow skin beam 1 high
participant56 glow cigar burn 5 high
participant56 glow face burn 4 low
participant51 stray thought digress 6 high
participant51 stray discussion roam 5 low
participant51 stray eye digress 4 low
participant51 stray child roam 5 high
participant51 throb body shudder 2 low
participant51 throb head pulse 5 high
participant51 throb voice pulse 5 high
participant51 throb vein shudder 4 low
participant51 flare cigarette flame 4 high
participant51 flare eye erupt 2 low
participant51 flare argument flame 1 low
participant51 flare row erupt 7 high
participant51 rebound share rally 6 high
participant51 rebound ball ricochet 7 high
participant51 rebound shot rally 1 low
participant51 rebound optimism ricochet 1 low
participant51 flicker tongue flick 1 high
participant51 flicker hope waver 6 high
participant51 flicker screen waver 2 low
participant51 flicker interest flick 1 low
participant51 slump shoulder decline 1 low
participant51 slump sale decline 7 high
participant51 slump value slouch 1 low
participant51 slump man slouch 6 high
participant51 bow butler stoop 7 high
participant51 bow company stoop 4 low
participant51 bow head submit 1 low
participant51 bow government submit 7 high
participant51 erupt storm burst 1 high
participant51 erupt fountain flare 2 low
participant51 erupt temper burst 1 low
participant51 erupt conflict flare 7 high
participant51 recoil heart kick 1 low
participant51 recoil rifle flinch 4 low
participant51 recoil eye kick 4 low
participant51 recoil hand flinch 3 high
participant51 boom noise thunder 7 high
participant51 boom export thunder 1 low
participant51 boom sale prosper 7 high
participant51 boom gun prosper 1 low
participant51 waver opinion falter 5 low
participant51 waver concentration fluctuate 7 high
participant51 waver courage falter 5 high
participant51 waver determination fluctuate 6 low
participant51 subside flood sink 4 low
participant51 subside fear sink 6 low
participant51 subside symptom lessen 7 high
participant51 subside island lessen 4 low
participant51 chatter machine gabble 1 low
participant51 chatter girl click 1 low
participant51 chatter tooth click 6 high
participant51 chatter child gabble 7 high
participant51 reel industry stagger 7 high
participant51 reel mind stagger 4 low
participant51 reel head whirl 7 high
participant51 reel man whirl 7 low
participant51 glow fire beam 1 low
participant51 glow face burn 1 low
participant51 glow cigar burn 7 high
participant51 glow skin beam 6 high
participant39 stray thought digress 6 high
participant39 stray discussion roam 5 low
participant39 stray eye digress 2 low
participant39 stray child roam 4 high
participant39 throb body shudder 4 low
participant39 throb head pulse 3 high
participant39 throb voice pulse 5 high
participant39 throb vein shudder 1 low
participant39 flare cigarette flame 3 high
participant39 flare eye erupt 5 low
participant39 flare argument flame 3 low
participant39 flare row erupt 6 high
participant39 rebound share rally 5 high
participant39 rebound ball ricochet 7 high
participant39 rebound shot rally 1 low
participant39 rebound optimism ricochet 4 low
participant39 flicker tongue flick 5 high
participant39 flicker screen waver 5 low
participant39 flicker hope waver 5 high
participant39 flicker interest flick 5 low
participant39 slump shoulder decline 1 low
participant39 slump sale decline 3 high
participant39 slump value slouch 3 low
participant39 slump man slouch 5 high
participant39 bow butler stoop 2 high
participant39 bow company stoop 1 low
participant39 bow head submit 1 low
participant39 bow government submit 4 high
participant39 erupt fountain flare 5 low
participant39 erupt temper burst 6 low
participant39 erupt storm burst 6 high
participant39 erupt conflict flare 6 high
participant39 recoil heart kick 2 low
participant39 recoil rifle flinch 1 low
participant39 recoil eye kick 1 low
participant39 recoil hand flinch 3 high
participant39 boom noise thunder 5 high
participant39 boom export thunder 4 low
participant39 boom sale prosper 4 high
participant39 boom gun prosper 1 low
participant39 waver opinion falter 3 low
participant39 waver concentration fluctuate 2 high
participant39 waver courage falter 6 high
participant39 waver determination fluctuate 4 low
participant39 subside island lessen 3 low
participant39 subside fear sink 5 low
participant39 subside symptom lessen 5 high
participant39 subside flood sink 4 low
participant39 chatter machine gabble 7 low
participant39 chatter girl click 1 low
participant39 chatter tooth click 4 high
participant39 chatter child gabble 2 high
participant39 reel head whirl 6 high
participant39 reel mind stagger 6 low
participant39 reel industry stagger 6 high
participant39 reel man whirl 6 low
participant39 glow fire beam 4 low
participant39 glow skin beam 5 high
participant39 glow cigar burn 5 high
participant39 glow face burn 6 low
participant53 waver opinion falter 7 low
participant53 waver concentration fluctuate 7 high
participant53 waver courage falter 7 high
participant53 waver determination fluctuate 7 low
participant53 stray thought digress 4 high
participant53 stray discussion roam 7 low
participant53 stray eye digress 4 low
participant53 stray child roam 7 high
participant53 throb body shudder 4 low
participant53 throb head pulse 6 high
participant53 throb voice pulse 6 high
participant53 throb vein shudder 7 low
participant53 flare cigarette flame 7 high
participant53 flare eye erupt 7 low
participant53 flare argument flame 7 low
participant53 flare row erupt 7 high
participant53 rebound share rally 7 high
participant53 rebound ball ricochet 7 high
participant53 rebound shot rally 7 low
participant53 rebound optimism ricochet 6 low
participant53 flicker tongue flick 7 high
participant53 flicker screen waver 2 low
participant53 flicker hope waver 1 high
participant53 flicker interest flick 5 low
participant53 subside island lessen 7 low
participant53 subside fear sink 5 low
participant53 subside symptom lessen 7 high
participant53 subside flood sink 4 low
participant53 slump shoulder decline 7 low
participant53 slump sale decline 7 high
participant53 slump value slouch 7 low
participant53 slump man slouch 7 high
participant53 bow butler stoop 7 high
participant53 bow head submit 3 low
participant53 bow company stoop 1 low
participant53 bow government submit 6 high
participant53 erupt fountain flare 7 low
participant53 erupt storm burst 6 high
participant53 erupt conflict flare 7 high
participant53 erupt temper burst 7 low
participant53 recoil heart kick 1 low
participant53 recoil rifle flinch 2 low
participant53 recoil eye kick 1 low
participant53 recoil hand flinch 3 high
participant53 boom noise thunder 7 high
participant53 boom export thunder 6 low
participant53 boom gun prosper 4 low
participant53 boom sale prosper 7 high
participant53 reel industry stagger 4 high
participant53 reel mind stagger 6 low
participant53 reel head whirl 7 high
participant53 reel man whirl 5 low
participant53 chatter machine gabble 6 low
participant53 chatter girl click 5 low
participant53 chatter child gabble 7 high
participant53 chatter tooth click 7 high
participant53 glow fire beam 7 low
participant53 glow face burn 7 low
participant53 glow cigar burn 7 high
participant53 glow skin beam 7 high
participant52 stray thought digress 6 high
participant52 stray discussion roam 3 low
participant52 stray eye digress 3 low
participant52 stray child roam 2 high
participant52 throb body shudder 2 low
participant52 throb head pulse 6 high
participant52 throb voice pulse 4 high
participant52 throb vein shudder 3 low
participant52 flare cigarette flame 5 high
participant52 flare eye erupt 1 low
participant52 flare argument flame 3 low
participant52 flare row erupt 5 high
participant52 rebound shot rally 1 low
participant52 rebound ball ricochet 5 high
participant52 rebound share rally 5 high
participant52 rebound optimism ricochet 2 low
participant52 flicker screen waver 2 low
participant52 flicker tongue flick 2 high
participant52 flicker hope waver 3 high
participant52 flicker interest flick 2 low
participant52 slump shoulder decline 4 low
participant52 slump sale decline 5 high
participant52 slump value slouch 5 low
participant52 slump man slouch 4 high
participant52 bow butler stoop 4 high
participant52 bow head submit 3 low
participant52 bow company stoop 5 low
participant52 bow government submit 3 high
participant52 erupt fountain flare 1 low
participant52 erupt temper burst 5 low
participant52 erupt storm burst 6 high
participant52 erupt conflict flare 5 high
participant52 recoil heart kick 5 low
participant52 recoil hand flinch 6 high
participant52 recoil eye kick 1 low
participant52 recoil rifle flinch 3 low
participant52 boom noise thunder 6 high
participant52 boom export thunder 1 low
participant52 boom gun prosper 2 low
participant52 boom sale prosper 6 high
participant52 waver opinion falter 4 low
participant52 waver concentration fluctuate 3 high
participant52 waver courage falter 7 high
participant52 waver determination fluctuate 4 low
participant52 subside island lessen 1 low
participant52 subside fear sink 5 low
participant52 subside symptom lessen 6 high
participant52 subside flood sink 7 low
participant52 chatter machine gabble 2 low
participant52 chatter girl click 1 low
participant52 chatter child gabble 7 high
participant52 chatter tooth click 2 high
participant52 reel industry stagger 5 high
participant52 reel mind stagger 6 low
participant52 reel head whirl 3 high
participant52 reel man whirl 3 low
participant52 glow fire beam 1 low
participant52 glow skin beam 2 high
participant52 glow cigar burn 5 high
participant52 glow face burn 4 low
participant60 stray thought digress 7 high
participant60 stray discussion roam 3 low
participant60 stray eye digress 6 low
participant60 stray child roam 5 high
participant60 throb body shudder 3 low
participant60 throb head pulse 7 high
participant60 throb voice pulse 7 high
participant60 throb vein shudder 3 low
participant60 slump shoulder decline 4 low
participant60 slump sale decline 7 high
participant60 slump value slouch 5 low
participant60 slump man slouch 6 high
participant60 rebound share rally 3 high
participant60 rebound ball ricochet 7 high
participant60 rebound shot rally 5 low
participant60 rebound optimism ricochet 3 low
participant60 flicker tongue flick 7 high
participant60 flicker hope waver 5 high
participant60 flicker screen waver 3 low
participant60 flicker interest flick 7 low
participant60 subside flood sink 3 low
participant60 subside fear sink 5 low
participant60 subside symptom lessen 7 high
participant60 subside island lessen 2 low
participant60 bow butler stoop 6 high
participant60 bow head submit 4 low
participant60 bow company stoop 1 low
participant60 bow government submit 2 high
participant60 erupt fountain flare 5 low
participant60 erupt temper burst 3 low
participant60 erupt storm burst 3 high
participant60 erupt conflict flare 7 high
participant60 recoil heart kick 2 low
participant60 recoil hand flinch 3 high
participant60 recoil eye kick 1 low
participant60 recoil rifle flinch 5 low
participant60 boom noise thunder 7 high
participant60 boom export thunder 3 low
participant60 boom gun prosper 4 low
participant60 boom sale prosper 7 high
participant60 waver opinion falter 6 low
participant60 waver concentration fluctuate 7 high
participant60 waver courage falter 7 high
participant60 waver determination fluctuate 7 low
participant60 flare cigarette flame 5 high
participant60 flare eye erupt 3 low
participant60 flare argument flame 4 low
participant60 flare row erupt 7 high
participant60 chatter machine gabble 5 low
participant60 chatter girl click 2 low
participant60 chatter tooth click 3 high
participant60 chatter child gabble 6 high
participant60 reel head whirl 6 high
participant60 reel mind stagger 5 low
participant60 reel industry stagger 6 high
participant60 reel man whirl 3 low
participant60 glow skin beam 7 high
participant60 glow fire beam 2 low
participant60 glow cigar burn 6 high
participant60 glow face burn 7 low
participant38 stray thought digress 7 high
participant38 stray discussion roam 6 low
participant38 stray eye digress 2 low
participant38 stray child roam 4 high
participant38 throb body shudder 3 low
participant38 throb head pulse 6 high
participant38 throb voice pulse 5 high
participant38 throb vein shudder 3 low
participant38 chatter machine gabble 4 low
participant38 chatter girl click 1 low
participant38 chatter child gabble 2 high
participant38 chatter tooth click 7 high
participant38 rebound share rally 7 high
participant38 rebound ball ricochet 6 high
participant38 rebound shot rally 2 low
participant38 rebound optimism ricochet 6 low
participant38 flicker screen waver 4 low
participant38 flicker interest flick 6 low
participant38 flicker tongue flick 5 high
participant38 flicker hope waver 2 high
participant38 subside flood sink 2 low
participant38 subside fear sink 6 low
participant38 subside symptom lessen 6 high
participant38 subside island lessen 2 low
participant38 slump shoulder decline 6 low
participant38 slump sale decline 7 high
participant38 slump value slouch 2 low
participant38 slump man slouch 4 high
participant38 bow butler stoop 2 high
participant38 bow company stoop 3 low
participant38 bow head submit 5 low
participant38 bow government submit 7 high
participant38 erupt storm burst 2 high
participant38 erupt fountain flare 5 low
participant38 erupt temper burst 7 low
participant38 erupt conflict flare 6 high
participant38 recoil heart kick 2 low
participant38 recoil hand flinch 6 high
participant38 recoil eye kick 6 low
participant38 recoil rifle flinch 2 low
participant38 boom noise thunder 5 high
participant38 boom export thunder 2 low
participant38 boom sale prosper 7 high
participant38 boom gun prosper 2 low
participant38 waver opinion falter 6 low
participant38 waver concentration fluctuate 2 high
participant38 waver courage falter 5 high
participant38 waver determination fluctuate 4 low
participant38 flare cigarette flame 6 high
participant38 flare eye erupt 2 low
participant38 flare argument flame 4 low
participant38 flare row erupt 6 high
participant38 reel head whirl 6 high
participant38 reel mind stagger 6 low
participant38 reel industry stagger 5 high
participant38 reel man whirl 6 low
participant38 glow fire beam 5 low
participant38 glow skin beam 3 high
participant38 glow cigar burn 5 high
participant38 glow face burn 3 low
participant59 stray thought digress 6 high
participant59 stray discussion roam 4 low
participant59 stray eye digress 3 low
participant59 stray child roam 5 high
participant59 throb body shudder 4 low
participant59 throb head pulse 4 high
participant59 throb voice pulse 5 high
participant59 throb vein shudder 2 low
participant59 flare cigarette flame 3 high
participant59 flare eye erupt 2 low
participant59 flare argument flame 5 low
participant59 flare row erupt 5 high
participant59 rebound shot rally 2 low
participant59 rebound ball ricochet 6 high
participant59 rebound share rally 6 high
participant59 rebound optimism ricochet 3 low
participant59 flicker screen waver 6 low
participant59 flicker interest flick 2 low
participant59 flicker tongue flick 5 high
participant59 flicker hope waver 5 high
participant59 subside flood sink 6 low
participant59 subside fear sink 5 low
participant59 subside symptom lessen 7 high
participant59 subside island lessen 2 low
participant59 slump shoulder decline 3 low
participant59 slump sale decline 5 high
participant59 slump value slouch 3 low
participant59 slump man slouch 5 high
participant59 bow butler stoop 3 high
participant59 bow head submit 2 low
participant59 bow company stoop 2 low
participant59 bow government submit 7 high
participant59 erupt fountain flare 2 low
participant59 erupt temper burst 5 low
participant59 erupt storm burst 6 high
participant59 erupt conflict flare 5 high
participant59 recoil heart kick 1 low
participant59 recoil hand flinch 6 high
participant59 recoil eye kick 1 low
participant59 recoil rifle flinch 3 low
participant59 boom noise thunder 6 high
participant59 boom export thunder 3 low
participant59 boom sale prosper 5 high
participant59 boom gun prosper 1 low
participant59 waver opinion falter 5 low
participant59 waver concentration fluctuate 5 high
participant59 waver courage falter 7 high
participant59 waver determination fluctuate 5 low
participant59 chatter machine gabble 7 low
participant59 chatter girl click 1 low
participant59 chatter tooth click 4 high
participant59 chatter child gabble 6 high
participant59 reel head whirl 7 high
participant59 reel mind stagger 4 low
participant59 reel industry stagger 3 high
participant59 reel man whirl 3 low
participant59 glow fire beam 2 low
participant59 glow skin beam 2 high
participant59 glow cigar burn 4 high
participant59 glow face burn 4 low
participant58 stray thought digress 7 high
participant58 stray discussion roam 7 low
participant58 stray eye digress 4 low
participant58 stray child roam 3 high
participant58 throb body shudder 5 low
participant58 throb head pulse 3 high
participant58 throb voice pulse 3 high
participant58 throb vein shudder 2 low
participant58 flare cigarette flame 7 high
participant58 flare eye erupt 5 low
participant58 flare argument flame 6 low
participant58 flare row erupt 7 high
participant58 rebound share rally 7 high
participant58 rebound ball ricochet 7 high
participant58 rebound shot rally 2 low
participant58 rebound optimism ricochet 5 low
participant58 flicker tongue flick 2 high
participant58 flicker hope waver 7 high
participant58 flicker screen waver 7 low
participant58 flicker interest flick 3 low
participant58 subside flood sink 2 low
participant58 subside fear sink 2 low
participant58 subside symptom lessen 7 high
participant58 subside island lessen 2 low
participant58 slump shoulder decline 5 low
participant58 slump sale decline 6 high
participant58 slump value slouch 1 low
participant58 slump man slouch 7 high
participant58 bow butler stoop 4 high
participant58 bow head submit 7 low
participant58 bow company stoop 2 low
participant58 bow government submit 7 high
participant58 erupt storm burst 7 high
participant58 erupt fountain flare 7 low
participant58 erupt temper burst 7 low
participant58 erupt conflict flare 7 high
participant58 recoil heart kick 3 low
participant58 recoil hand flinch 5 high
participant58 recoil eye kick 3 low
participant58 recoil rifle flinch 6 low
participant58 boom noise thunder 7 high
participant58 boom export thunder 5 low
participant58 boom sale prosper 7 high
participant58 boom gun prosper 1 low
participant58 waver opinion falter 6 low
participant58 waver concentration fluctuate 7 high
participant58 waver courage falter 7 high
participant58 waver determination fluctuate 7 low
participant58 chatter machine gabble 7 low
participant58 chatter girl click 1 low
participant58 chatter child gabble 7 high
participant58 chatter tooth click 2 high
participant58 reel head whirl 7 high
participant58 reel mind stagger 2 low
participant58 reel industry stagger 7 high
participant58 reel man whirl 5 low
participant58 glow fire beam 6 low
participant58 glow skin beam 6 high
participant58 glow cigar burn 7 high
participant58 glow face burn 7 low
participant1 stray thought roam 2 low
participant1 stray discussion digress 6 high
participant1 stray eye roam 1 high
participant1 stray child digress 1 low
participant1 reel head stagger 4 low
participant1 reel mind whirl 5 high
participant1 reel industry whirl 2 low
participant1 reel man stagger 5 high
participant1 flare cigarette erupt 1 low
participant1 flare eye flame 2 high
participant1 flare argument erupt 6 high
participant1 flare row flame 2 low
participant1 rebound share ricochet 1 low
participant1 rebound ball rally 1 low
participant1 rebound shot ricochet 4 high
participant1 rebound optimism rally 2 high
participant1 flicker tongue waver 3 low
participant1 flicker hope flick 2 low
participant1 flicker screen flick 5 high
participant1 flicker interest waver 3 high
participant1 slump shoulder slouch 5 high
participant1 slump sale slouch 3 low
participant1 slump value decline 5 high
participant1 slump man decline 1 low
participant1 bow butler submit 1 low
participant1 bow head stoop 3 high
participant1 bow company submit 4 high
participant1 bow government stoop 4 low
participant1 throb body pulse 5 high
participant1 throb head shudder 2 low
participant1 throb voice shudder 2 low
participant1 throb vein pulse 7 high
participant1 erupt storm flare 5 low
participant1 erupt fountain burst 2 high
participant1 erupt temper flare 6 high
participant1 erupt conflict burst 1 low
participant1 recoil heart flinch 3 high
participant1 recoil rifle kick 6 high
participant1 recoil eye flinch 4 high
participant1 recoil hand kick 1 low
participant1 boom noise prosper 1 low
participant1 boom export prosper 6 high
participant1 boom sale thunder 1 low
participant1 boom gun thunder 3 high
participant1 waver opinion fluctuate 3 high
participant1 waver concentration falter 6 low
participant1 waver courage fluctuate 3 low
participant1 waver determination falter 5 high
participant1 subside flood lessen 4 high
participant1 subside fear lessen 6 high
participant1 subside symptom sink 2 low
participant1 subside island sink 6 high
participant1 chatter machine click 7 high
participant1 chatter girl gabble 5 high
participant1 chatter child click 2 low
participant1 chatter tooth gabble 1 low
participant1 glow fire burn 6 high
participant1 glow skin burn 5 low
participant1 glow cigar beam 2 low
participant1 glow face beam 4 high
participant3 stray thought roam 5 low
participant3 stray discussion digress 5 high
participant3 stray eye roam 6 high
participant3 stray child digress 2 low
participant3 throb body pulse 4 high
participant3 throb head shudder 3 low
participant3 throb voice shudder 3 low
participant3 throb vein pulse 5 high
participant3 flare cigarette erupt 2 low
participant3 flare eye flame 2 high
participant3 flare argument erupt 4 high
participant3 flare row flame 2 low
participant3 rebound share ricochet 1 low
participant3 rebound ball rally 1 low
participant3 rebound shot ricochet 5 high
participant3 rebound optimism rally 2 high
participant3 flicker tongue waver 1 low
participant3 flicker screen flick 2 high
participant3 flicker interest waver 4 high
participant3 flicker hope flick 1 low
participant3 slump shoulder slouch 5 high
participant3 slump sale slouch 2 low
participant3 slump value decline 6 high
participant3 slump man decline 1 low
participant3 bow butler submit 2 low
participant3 bow head stoop 5 high
participant3 bow company submit 2 high
participant3 bow government stoop 2 low
participant3 erupt fountain burst 2 high
participant3 erupt conflict burst 1 low
participant3 erupt storm flare 2 low
participant3 erupt temper flare 4 high
participant3 recoil heart flinch 3 high
participant3 recoil rifle kick 4 high
participant3 recoil eye flinch 2 high
participant3 recoil hand kick 1 low
participant3 boom noise prosper 1 low
participant3 boom export prosper 5 high
participant3 boom sale thunder 2 low
participant3 boom gun thunder 3 high
participant3 waver opinion fluctuate 6 high
participant3 waver concentration falter 6 low
participant3 waver courage fluctuate 3 low
participant3 waver determination falter 5 high
participant3 subside island sink 6 high
participant3 subside fear lessen 6 high
participant3 subside symptom sink 2 low
participant3 subside flood lessen 6 high
participant3 chatter machine click 3 high
participant3 chatter girl gabble 4 high
participant3 chatter tooth gabble 1 low
participant3 chatter child click 1 low
participant3 reel industry whirl 5 low
participant3 reel mind whirl 5 high
participant3 reel head stagger 2 low
participant3 reel man stagger 6 high
participant3 glow fire burn 5 high
participant3 glow skin burn 2 low
participant3 glow cigar beam 2 low
participant3 glow face beam 6 high
participant2 stray thought roam 7 low
participant2 stray discussion digress 6 high
participant2 stray eye roam 6 high
participant2 stray child digress 1 low
participant2 throb body pulse 1 high
participant2 throb head shudder 1 low
participant2 throb voice shudder 3 low
participant2 throb vein pulse 7 high
participant2 subside flood lessen 7 high
participant2 subside fear lessen 6 high
participant2 subside symptom sink 4 low
participant2 subside island sink 3 high
participant2 rebound share ricochet 2 low
participant2 rebound ball rally 4 low
participant2 rebound shot ricochet 7 high
participant2 rebound optimism rally 6 high
participant2 flicker tongue waver 2 low
participant2 flicker interest waver 6 high
participant2 flicker screen flick 3 high
participant2 flicker hope flick 3 low
participant2 slump shoulder slouch 6 high
participant2 slump sale slouch 7 low
participant2 slump value decline 6 high
participant2 slump man decline 1 low
participant2 bow butler submit 3 low
participant2 bow head stoop 6 high
participant2 bow company submit 5 high
participant2 bow government stoop 3 low
participant2 erupt fountain burst 5 high
participant2 erupt temper flare 5 high
participant2 erupt storm flare 4 low
participant2 erupt conflict burst 6 low
participant2 recoil heart flinch 5 high
participant2 recoil hand kick 1 low
participant2 recoil eye flinch 2 high
participant2 recoil rifle kick 6 high
participant2 boom noise prosper 3 low
participant2 boom export prosper 6 high
participant2 boom gun thunder 6 high
participant2 boom sale thunder 2 low
participant2 waver opinion fluctuate 5 high
participant2 waver concentration falter 6 low
participant2 waver courage fluctuate 3 low
participant2 waver determination falter 6 high
participant2 flare cigarette erupt 6 low
participant2 flare eye flame 6 high
participant2 flare argument erupt 6 high
participant2 flare row flame 6 low
participant2 chatter machine click 6 high
participant2 chatter girl gabble 6 high
participant2 chatter tooth gabble 2 low
participant2 chatter child click 1 low
participant2 reel industry whirl 6 low
participant2 reel mind whirl 2 high
participant2 reel head stagger 1 low
participant2 reel man stagger 5 high
participant2 glow fire burn 6 high
participant2 glow face beam 6 high
participant2 glow cigar beam 4 low
participant2 glow skin burn 2 low
participant5 stray thought roam 5 low
participant5 stray discussion digress 5 high
participant5 stray eye roam 6 high
participant5 stray child digress 2 low
participant5 throb body pulse 5 high
participant5 throb head shudder 2 low
participant5 throb voice shudder 4 low
participant5 throb vein pulse 7 high
participant5 flare cigarette erupt 5 low
participant5 flare eye flame 5 high
participant5 flare argument erupt 6 high
participant5 flare row flame 5 low
participant5 rebound share ricochet 4 low
participant5 rebound ball rally 2 low
participant5 rebound shot ricochet 6 high
participant5 rebound optimism rally 5 high
participant5 flicker screen flick 1 high
participant5 flicker interest waver 5 high
participant5 flicker tongue waver 4 low
participant5 flicker hope flick 2 low
participant5 slump shoulder slouch 6 high
participant5 slump sale slouch 1 low
participant5 slump value decline 6 high
participant5 slump man decline 3 low
participant5 bow butler submit 3 low
participant5 bow head stoop 4 high
participant5 bow company submit 6 high
participant5 bow government stoop 4 low
participant5 erupt fountain burst 5 high
participant5 erupt conflict burst 5 low
participant5 erupt storm flare 6 low
participant5 erupt temper flare 6 high
participant5 recoil heart flinch 4 high
participant5 recoil rifle kick 6 high
participant5 recoil eye flinch 5 high
participant5 recoil hand kick 2 low
participant5 boom noise prosper 1 low
participant5 boom export prosper 6 high
participant5 boom sale thunder 2 low
participant5 boom gun thunder 6 high
participant5 waver opinion fluctuate 6 high
participant5 waver concentration falter 5 low
participant5 waver courage fluctuate 3 low
participant5 waver determination falter 6 high
participant5 subside island sink 2 high
participant5 subside fear lessen 6 high
participant5 subside symptom sink 2 low
participant5 subside flood lessen 7 high
participant5 reel head stagger 1 low
participant5 reel mind whirl 5 high
participant5 reel industry whirl 1 low
participant5 reel man stagger 5 high
participant5 chatter machine click 2 high
participant5 chatter girl gabble 5 high
participant5 chatter child click 1 low
participant5 chatter tooth gabble 2 low
participant5 glow fire burn 4 high
participant5 glow face beam 7 high
participant5 glow cigar beam 1 low
participant5 glow skin burn 3 low
participant4 stray thought roam 4 low
participant4 stray discussion digress 6 high
participant4 stray eye roam 4 high
participant4 stray child digress 3 low
participant4 throb body pulse 6 high
participant4 throb head shudder 3 low
participant4 throb voice shudder 3 low
participant4 throb vein pulse 7 high
participant4 subside island sink 7 high
participant4 subside fear lessen 6 high
participant4 subside symptom sink 1 low
participant4 subside flood lessen 7 high
participant4 rebound shot ricochet 6 high
participant4 rebound ball rally 3 low
participant4 rebound share ricochet 1 low
participant4 rebound optimism rally 4 high
participant4 flicker screen flick 4 high
participant4 flicker tongue waver 2 low
participant4 flicker hope flick 1 low
participant4 flicker interest waver 3 high
participant4 slump shoulder slouch 7 high
participant4 slump sale slouch 2 low
participant4 slump value decline 6 high
participant4 slump man decline 1 low
participant4 bow butler submit 1 low
participant4 bow head stoop 2 high
participant4 bow company submit 2 high
participant4 bow government stoop 5 low
participant4 erupt fountain burst 1 high
participant4 erupt temper flare 7 high
participant4 erupt storm flare 4 low
participant4 erupt conflict burst 2 low
participant4 recoil heart flinch 3 high
participant4 recoil rifle kick 6 high
participant4 recoil eye flinch 4 high
participant4 recoil hand kick 1 low
participant4 boom noise prosper 1 low
participant4 boom export prosper 5 high
participant4 boom sale thunder 1 low
participant4 boom gun thunder 7 high
participant4 waver opinion fluctuate 5 high
participant4 waver concentration falter 5 low
participant4 waver courage fluctuate 3 low
participant4 waver determination falter 6 high
participant4 flare cigarette erupt 1 low
participant4 flare eye flame 6 high
participant4 flare argument erupt 4 high
participant4 flare row flame 2 low
participant4 chatter machine click 5 high
participant4 chatter girl gabble 5 high
participant4 chatter tooth gabble 1 low
participant4 chatter child click 1 low
participant4 reel industry whirl 1 low
participant4 reel mind whirl 4 high
participant4 reel head stagger 1 low
participant4 reel man stagger 5 high
participant4 glow skin burn 2 low
participant4 glow fire burn 5 high
participant4 glow cigar beam 1 low
participant4 glow face beam 4 high
participant7 stray thought roam 6 low
participant7 stray discussion digress 6 high
participant7 stray eye roam 6 high
participant7 stray child digress 4 low
participant7 throb body pulse 7 high
participant7 throb head shudder 1 low
participant7 throb voice shudder 2 low
participant7 throb vein pulse 7 high
participant7 flare cigarette erupt 3 low
participant7 flare eye flame 5 high
participant7 flare argument erupt 6 high
participant7 flare row flame 5 low
participant7 rebound share ricochet 1 low
participant7 rebound ball rally 5 low
participant7 rebound shot ricochet 6 high
participant7 rebound optimism rally 5 high
participant7 flicker screen flick 5 high
participant7 flicker tongue waver 2 low
participant7 flicker hope flick 5 low
participant7 flicker interest waver 3 high
participant7 slump shoulder slouch 7 high
participant7 slump sale slouch 6 low
participant7 slump value decline 5 high
participant7 slump man decline 1 low
participant7 bow butler submit 1 low
participant7 bow head stoop 6 high
participant7 bow company submit 5 high
participant7 bow government stoop 3 low
participant7 erupt fountain burst 3 high
participant7 erupt storm flare 5 low
participant7 erupt conflict burst 7 low
participant7 erupt temper flare 4 high
participant7 recoil heart flinch 2 high
participant7 recoil hand kick 3 low
participant7 recoil eye flinch 5 high
participant7 recoil rifle kick 6 high
participant7 boom noise prosper 1 low
participant7 boom export prosper 6 high
participant7 boom gun thunder 5 high
participant7 boom sale thunder 6 low
participant7 waver opinion fluctuate 6 high
participant7 waver concentration falter 6 low
participant7 waver courage fluctuate 4 low
participant7 waver determination falter 7 high
participant7 subside island sink 2 high
participant7 subside fear lessen 7 high
participant7 subside symptom sink 2 low
participant7 subside flood lessen 6 high
participant7 reel head stagger 1 low
participant7 reel mind whirl 2 high
participant7 reel industry whirl 3 low
participant7 reel man stagger 5 high
participant7 chatter machine click 5 high
participant7 chatter girl gabble 2 high
participant7 chatter tooth gabble 3 low
participant7 chatter child click 2 low
participant7 glow fire burn 1 high
participant7 glow face beam 5 high
participant7 glow cigar beam 1 low
participant7 glow skin burn 1 low
participant6 subside flood lessen 7 high
participant6 subside fear lessen 7 high
participant6 subside symptom sink 2 low
participant6 subside island sink 6 high
participant6 stray thought roam 7 low
participant6 stray discussion digress 7 high
participant6 stray eye roam 7 high
participant6 stray child digress 6 low
participant6 throb body pulse 7 high
participant6 throb head shudder 4 low
participant6 throb voice shudder 4 low
participant6 throb vein pulse 6 high
participant6 reel head stagger 5 low
participant6 reel mind whirl 6 high
participant6 reel industry whirl 5 low
participant6 reel man stagger 2 high
participant6 rebound shot ricochet 7 high
participant6 rebound ball rally 2 low
participant6 rebound share ricochet 4 low
participant6 rebound optimism rally 3 high
participant6 flicker screen flick 5 high
participant6 flicker tongue waver 7 low
participant6 flicker interest waver 6 high
participant6 flicker hope flick 1 low
participant6 slump shoulder slouch 7 high
participant6 slump sale slouch 6 low
participant6 slump value decline 7 high
participant6 slump man decline 4 low
participant6 bow butler submit 1 low
participant6 bow company submit 2 high
participant6 bow head stoop 7 high
participant6 bow government stoop 3 low
participant6 erupt storm flare 4 low
participant6 erupt fountain burst 2 high
participant6 erupt temper flare 6 high
participant6 erupt conflict burst 5 low
participant6 recoil heart flinch 2 high
participant6 recoil hand kick 1 low
participant6 recoil eye flinch 1 high
participant6 recoil rifle kick 3 high
participant6 boom noise prosper 3 low
participant6 boom export prosper 7 high
participant6 boom gun thunder 6 high
participant6 boom sale thunder 3 low
participant6 waver opinion fluctuate 7 high
participant6 waver concentration falter 6 low
participant6 waver courage fluctuate 5 low
participant6 waver determination falter 7 high
participant6 flare cigarette erupt 3 low
participant6 flare eye flame 2 high
participant6 flare argument erupt 5 high
participant6 flare row flame 2 low
participant6 chatter machine click 6 high
participant6 chatter girl gabble 5 high
participant6 chatter child click 3 low
participant6 chatter tooth gabble 2 low
participant6 glow fire burn 3 high
participant6 glow face beam 6 high
participant6 glow cigar beam 5 low
participant6 glow skin burn 4 low
participant9 stray thought roam 6 low
participant9 stray discussion digress 7 high
participant9 stray eye roam 6 high
participant9 stray child digress 3 low
participant9 throb body pulse 7 high
participant9 throb head shudder 2 low
participant9 throb voice shudder 3 low
participant9 throb vein pulse 7 high
participant9 reel head stagger 2 low
participant9 reel mind whirl 6 high
participant9 reel industry whirl 4 low
participant9 reel man stagger 7 high
participant9 rebound share ricochet 3 low
participant9 rebound ball rally 2 low
participant9 rebound shot ricochet 7 high
participant9 rebound optimism rally 5 high
participant9 flicker tongue waver 3 low
participant9 flicker screen flick 6 high
participant9 flicker hope flick 2 low
participant9 flicker interest waver 6 high
participant9 slump shoulder slouch 7 high
participant9 slump sale slouch 3 low
participant9 slump value decline 7 high
participant9 slump man decline 2 low
participant9 bow butler submit 4 low
participant9 bow head stoop 1 high
participant9 bow company submit 5 high
participant9 bow government stoop 5 low
participant9 flare cigarette erupt 3 low
participant9 flare eye flame 5 high
participant9 flare argument erupt 6 high
participant9 flare row flame 2 low
participant9 erupt fountain burst 2 high
participant9 erupt conflict burst 3 low
participant9 erupt storm flare 6 low
participant9 erupt temper flare 7 high
participant9 recoil heart flinch 3 high
participant9 recoil hand kick 2 low
participant9 recoil eye flinch 3 high
participant9 recoil rifle kick 7 high
participant9 boom noise prosper 2 low
participant9 boom export prosper 7 high
participant9 boom sale thunder 4 low
participant9 boom gun thunder 7 high
participant9 waver opinion fluctuate 7 high
participant9 waver concentration falter 6 low
participant9 waver courage fluctuate 6 low
participant9 waver determination falter 7 high
participant9 subside flood lessen 7 high
participant9 subside fear lessen 7 high
participant9 subside symptom sink 1 low
participant9 subside island sink 2 high
participant9 chatter machine click 5 high
participant9 chatter girl gabble 5 high
participant9 chatter child click 4 low
participant9 chatter tooth gabble 1 low
participant9 glow fire burn 6 high
participant9 glow face beam 5 high
participant9 glow cigar beam 2 low
participant9 glow skin burn 2 low
participant8 stray thought roam 5 low
participant8 stray discussion digress 7 high
participant8 stray eye roam 5 high
participant8 stray child digress 3 low
participant8 slump shoulder slouch 7 high
participant8 slump sale slouch 3 low
participant8 slump value decline 6 high
participant8 slump man decline 2 low
participant8 flare cigarette erupt 2 low
participant8 flare eye flame 3 high
participant8 flare argument erupt 5 high
participant8 flare row flame 4 low
participant8 rebound shot ricochet 6 high
participant8 rebound ball rally 2 low
participant8 rebound share ricochet 2 low
participant8 rebound optimism rally 6 high
participant8 flicker screen flick 4 high
participant8 flicker hope flick 3 low
participant8 flicker tongue waver 2 low
participant8 flicker interest waver 3 high
participant8 subside flood lessen 7 high
participant8 subside fear lessen 7 high
participant8 subside symptom sink 2 low
participant8 subside island sink 4 high
participant8 bow butler submit 5 low
participant8 bow company submit 3 high
participant8 bow head stoop 3 high
participant8 bow government stoop 1 low
participant8 throb body pulse 5 high
participant8 throb head shudder 3 low
participant8 throb voice shudder 5 low
participant8 throb vein pulse 6 high
participant8 erupt fountain burst 5 high
participant8 erupt conflict burst 3 low
participant8 erupt storm flare 4 low
participant8 erupt temper flare 6 high
participant8 recoil heart flinch 3 high
participant8 recoil rifle kick 6 high
participant8 recoil eye flinch 4 high
participant8 recoil hand kick 3 low
participant8 boom noise prosper 2 low
participant8 boom export prosper 6 high
participant8 boom sale thunder 3 low
participant8 boom gun thunder 3 high
participant8 waver opinion fluctuate 5 high
participant8 waver concentration falter 7 low
participant8 waver courage fluctuate 6 low
participant8 waver determination falter 7 high
participant8 chatter machine click 4 high
participant8 chatter girl gabble 6 high
participant8 chatter tooth gabble 2 low
participant8 chatter child click 2 low
participant8 reel industry whirl 2 low
participant8 reel mind whirl 6 high
participant8 reel head stagger 2 low
participant8 reel man stagger 7 high
participant8 glow fire burn 2 high
participant8 glow face beam 5 high
participant8 glow cigar beam 1 low
participant8 glow skin burn 2 low
participant50 stray thought digress 3 high
participant50 stray discussion roam 7 low
participant50 stray eye digress 4 low
participant50 stray child roam 4 high
participant50 throb body shudder 4 low
participant50 throb head pulse 6 high
participant50 throb voice pulse 2 high
participant50 throb vein shudder 3 low
participant50 flare cigarette flame 6 high
participant50 flare eye erupt 5 low
participant50 flare argument flame 5 low
participant50 flare row erupt 7 high
participant50 rebound share rally 3 high
participant50 rebound ball ricochet 4 high
participant50 rebound shot rally 3 low
participant50 rebound optimism ricochet 3 low
participant50 flicker tongue flick 3 high
participant50 flicker hope waver 1 high
participant50 flicker screen waver 3 low
participant50 flicker interest flick 2 low
participant50 subside island lessen 3 low
participant50 subside fear sink 4 low
participant50 subside symptom lessen 7 high
participant50 subside flood sink 3 low
participant50 slump shoulder decline 6 low
participant50 slump sale decline 6 high
participant50 slump value slouch 6 low
participant50 slump man slouch 6 high
participant50 bow butler stoop 3 high
participant50 bow head submit 2 low
participant50 bow company stoop 4 low
participant50 bow government submit 7 high
participant50 erupt fountain flare 3 low
participant50 erupt storm burst 5 high
participant50 erupt conflict flare 6 high
participant50 erupt temper burst 6 low
participant50 recoil heart kick 2 low
participant50 recoil rifle flinch 3 low
participant50 recoil eye kick 3 low
participant50 recoil hand flinch 2 high
participant50 boom noise thunder 3 high
participant50 boom export thunder 4 low
participant50 boom gun prosper 2 low
participant50 boom sale prosper 6 high
participant50 waver opinion falter 2 low
participant50 waver concentration fluctuate 3 high
participant50 waver courage falter 6 high
participant50 waver determination fluctuate 3 low
participant50 chatter machine gabble 3 low
participant50 chatter girl click 2 low
participant50 chatter child gabble 6 high
participant50 chatter tooth click 2 high
participant50 reel head whirl 5 high
participant50 reel mind stagger 4 low
participant50 reel industry stagger 5 high
participant50 reel man whirl 3 low
participant50 glow fire beam 7 low
participant50 glow face burn 3 low
participant50 glow cigar burn 5 high
participant50 glow skin beam 7 high
